# Operation Injection (4)

"...Just die with your ship, Heathrow Woodhill!" The man pointed the gun onto the captain's chest.

"There are enemies fleeing from the ship by taking escape cabins," said Tim, "Report to the headquarters for further action." "Should we shoot them down?" a pilot said. "We are not beasts. We can arrest them on ground, search them on seas, but it is a dehumanizing action to shoot them down before doing something to them."

"You stop it." A voice echoed at the back of the bridge. The man turned his head back in surprise and pointed the gun towards Danny, who already pointed his rifle to him. "You step back!" The man pressed the trigger, but nothing happened. "Can you please check where your clips are before firing?" Within a second, Danny fired his rifle and pushed the clip tens of meters away on the floor.

Suddenly the ship shook again. "It is listing to starboard over the stern," said the agent, "If there is no use of massive missiles to bombard the ship, the warship may not sink very fast...but it won't be long." "When it will list to over 20 degrees?" asked Jason. "Not very soon, but just within half an hour."

The captain ran from the man towards the exit those soldiers had been hiding beside. When Jason was about to give a gesture of capture, Danny shouted: "Captain." The alien stuck at several meters from the entrance and looked at Danny in surprise; at the same moment, Jason took a glance inside and gave a T gesture. "In spare time you can tell the Security Council everything you know," he replied in a firm voice. The alien's mouth slightly opened with his eyes full of surprise, then he looked at somewhere aside Danny. "Now surrender, Ken. I know you quite well during my investigation." "Will me?"

"You led those to betray us and get aliens here to wipe us just by this ship," Danny replied in a steady voice, "Now meet your destiny of a justice trial with your stubborn resistance." "Just make it simple." Ken picked up the pistol left by the captain near him and pointed at a computer-like facility steps away. "This device connects to the ship's stabilizer. If I destroy it, all of you will be dead in minutes, as well as those civilians."

"The ship is listing," said the chairman after looking at the screen, "Order surface forces to pick up survivors and all troops inside to evacuate, now! Who knows when it will detonate." "But sir," the navy rear admiral walked to him and said: "It seems that one squadron is still inside the bridge." "Try to call a helicpoter to pick them up and ensure their safety. Put it in priority!" "Yes, chairman." "The ship is about to crash Sudanese Port if there is nothing to be done," a general came close and said, "I have informed local surface forces without your permission." "That is a good job," replied the chairman, "Contact the 9th Group Army to assist evacuation, now."

"Should we shoot him?" a soldier beside the exit whispered. "I can't decide," replied Jason, "If he wears exoskeletons that can block our firepower, our leader and the enemy will be dead by his pistol." "Do you have a fog bomb, or something like stun grenade?" asked the agent. "We have three," replied Jason. "Great, give me a stun grenade and a pistol. I will hack in the control and maintain the stabilizer." "You two," Jason moved his fingers, "After the blast, get the enemy nearby here. And Johnson, contact a helicopter or something to get us out of here."

The two men stood in a stalemate. "Danny, get down!" shouted Jason. In two seconds, a bomb was thrown into the bridge, and it blasted off. Danny rolled some meters beside and immediately stood up. Two soldiers ran from the exit and took the captain by each of his hand, dragging him from the bridge fast. The agent ran fast to the platform, but Ken only hesitated for moments before he aimed the pistol at the agent.

"You stop firing at a woman!" Danny ran to him and took his sole enemy's left hand, moving it upward forcibly. The agent immediately took the pistol and fired a shot to Ken's leg. However, there was no drop of blood. "He has armor! Stabilize the ship!" Danny squeezed out the words and punched the enemy in his face. The agent quickly stood beside the computer and started typing something.

"No contact?" asked Jason in surprise. "Yes," the soldier replied in sadness, "I can't contact a helicopter nearby."

Danny tried to hit the enemy's leg to take him down, but Ken reacted fast to kick him down onto the ground. He tried to stamp on Danny's belly by his right foot, while Danny was fast enough to roll towards left and stood up. He immediately got the rifle and pressed its trigger, but it missed. Ken hit hard on Danny's right arm, and the pain forced him to drop the gun.

"The stablizer will lose function in five minutes!" The agent turned to Danny and said in a helpless voice. "Ha! Now we are going to die here immediately!" "Not so fast!" Jason threw out a grenade that exploded near Danny. Luckily he was facing it with his back----if one twist had been made, the person being stunt would have been him. Just at the moment, Danny kick away Ken and hit his head hard with his rifle that still managed to maintain size. The enemy fell down with barely a sound.

"The stairs are collapsing!" A soldier said in surprise. Some seconds later, the other soldiers ran to the center of the bridge, with the captain still held by two of them. "Where can we go?" Danny asked the agent after justifying his combat suit. "The other two entrances have been ravaged by fire from the engine rooms and electricity generators," she replied, "The only way..." "Hey," a voice appeared near Jason. "Who are you?" Jason turned to his intercom and replied. "Flight leader from the 5th Helicpoter Squadron. Get down from the windows, we are breaking through to get you out." 

"Give us some minutes. Can you make the ship move slightly forward?" He turned to the agent after replying. "Sorry, the engines cannot work." "Retreat to everything that is solid enough!" said Jason.

"Alright, you can start!" With several shots from the helicopter's laser turrets, the windows shattered into pieces. A strong wind flew into the bridge, nearly blowing everyone off the platform. In the erring noise brought by the wind, the pilot replied: "You can come! We are very close!" In front of them was a helicopter with its cabin door wide open.

......

As the cabin door closed, two soldiers tied the captain's hand to his back, and the fainted Ken was put in the other row of seats, accompanied by other four soldiers. As the pilots moved the plane away, a soldier said: "The ship is detonating from the bridge." Others looked through the windows on the right side of the helicopter and saw the once spectecular metallic object listing very fast to starboard and falling down over stern.

"How many civilians are left?" asked the chairman, "The ship is about to crash over the Sudanese Port in three minutes." "We have evacuated most, but some of them are still stuck in the airport," an officer on the other side replied. "Be quick and be safe," the chairman replied. "Chairman, what about those survivors on the ship?" an American general asked. "Search shores near the Red Sea and adjacent countries, and interrogate them except for our agents and soldiers to Sana'a." "Yes, sir."

As last wave of planes were taking off, the large dying warship was falling faster and faster in the sky, just like a surprisingly large meteor burning in the sky. In a deadly silence among buildings in the unlucky port accompanied by increasing heat, two minutes later, the giant warship crashed in the center of the city. Some seconds later, pilots near the sky over the city and people staying tens of kilometers from the city heard an overwhelmingly large noise of explosion. A grayish black mushroom cloud with sharply bright light shooting out from it, with a size four times larger than the mushroom cloud created by an induced detonation upon the sinking of heavy cruiser USS Washington scores of years ago, rose from the horizon.