# Dreadful Silence at Night

The start of all could be dated eleven years ago. If it had not happened, I would have graduated from the university next year.

After going around an abandoned mine that had been left for more than four decades, some classmates and I returned to the small dormitory to wash ourselves. "Have you ordered food?" I asked a classmate from Maine. "Not yet," she replied, "What are you gonna eat?" "Anything you wish," another classmate that came with me replied, "Just do not get spicy food." The others laughed, "I bet you have seen what we eat every day."

After taking off sneakers and washing ourselves, just twenty minutes after we had returned, a mobile phone rang. "Yes," the classmate replied, "yes. What? Oh, I see. I am coming to get it."

As she opened the door and close it after walking out, sunlight from the setting sun pierced through the narrow space and lit up the whole room. "Time is not early," a classmate from Indonesia said, "Let me open the lights." After he closed the curtains, the classmate knocked on the door. I jumped out of the sofa and ran to open the door.

Finishing off the meal, the clock rang to remind us of the arrival of six o'clock. "Have you finished up the report?" "Just give us three hours after watching the news and weather report," replied a classmate, "I can finish up the summary part. What about you?" He turned to me. "Oh, I see, the data. I will try rerun the model again and plug in the excel." "Thanks. Hey, why don't we play games before news starts?" "Yeah, open it up."

"Launch your missiles! Wanna leave it for our Spring Festival?" I said, "Or else I can't release the attack aircrafts!" "Got it! Those missiles are everywhere!" "We must keep the score for the remaining five minutes!" a classmate said after seeing his computer screen, "don't get one of us sunk!"

As we exited the game, the Indonesian classmate grabbed the TV remote control and immediately opened the TV. "Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick." The news had started. "What may be announced? The military exercise of our flying planes in space?" "Just see." I replied.

"The main contents of today's broadcast are..." Hearing the familiar beginning sentence and submerging myself into the soft sofa, I could feel as if I was watching television with my parents at the distant home.

"Now please listen to the detailed report..." Suddenly all lights in the room went out before the cameras had turned.

I nearly jumped out of the sofa when everything in front of me disappeared into a preternatural silence. Stretching my hands out to grab my phone, I saw a flash light piercing the darkness, shining on the already dead television.

Guided by the flashing light, the rest of us got our phones and immediately opened them. "What happened? Things in the lab may rotten!" a classmate said. "Where is the secondary electricity control? I must get it, or else we'll be expelled from school after the opening." The Maine girl pressed some buttons on the telephone, and pressed the green button. Just after some seconds, she put down the phone and said: "The signals are not working."

"What is the electricity power plant doing?" I complained, and suddenly all of us heard large sound of sirens on police cars moving fast, perhaps on a road hundreds of meters away. Their vanishing direction was to the local power station. Seconds later, roars of helicopters also appeared abruptly in the sky. Noise of several small explosions far away was like cracking sound of timber in a fire pit. What had happened far away? Why even helicopters from Armed Police Force were also deployed?

It was as if a large protest was going on, but there was no electricity to confirm it on television; it was like an attack on the county, but there was nothing to confirm it. As our classmates were trying to send out texts, and eventually found it in vain, they lit up the window to see what was outside. We were on a small boat with light in the sea of darkness. The dark community was like a large necropolis, doors and windows on houses were tightly shut or wide open; they were like motionless ancient crypts and ransacked tombs, which laid beside cobblestone aisles, along the roads with standing rusted black lamps.

"We can't receive anything from the embassy or the office," a classmate said, "What should we do?" "Of course," I said while trying to find something under my bed, "We must drive from the school. The pickup truck should be right outside the door." I touched something metallic, and grabbed out the alloy water pipe that was not rusty. That was one of my "spoils" in the afternoon. "That is what I can find to defend ourselves."

"The signal is still not working," said the Indonesian. In the silence beside noise of finding food and water, there were small noises of fire burning and explosions ongoing. "There is nothing I need to take."

"Let's go," a classmate said, "Staying in a small room is not good with no weapons." After putting everything into backpacks and wearing shoes, we ran out of the dorm without locking the door. As I ran out of the gate, I was nearly tripped over by something that was like my pipe. I returned to grab it up and followed my classmates, one of them staying in the cargo body, the others starting the car. I jumped onto the cargo body and gave the thing to the classmate. "A double barrel shotgun. Guys, we found a shotgun." "I see, where should we be going?" "To the embassy in New York City," I replied. "That is gonna take eighty minutes!" "Be fast," the Indonesian said, "That is the only way we can escape."

"The signals have worked. Look!"