# Operation Injection (1)

"Now it has been confirmed." An American general said in a firm voice. "Aliens have been creating sources of chaos and claiming lives of millions of people. Those people who conspire this must be within." Suddenly the gate was opened by the two guards standing beside, and the corridor, as well as two officers and the chairman. "Attention!" All the generals saluted to him and the officers, immediately he responded: "At ease."

"I believe that all of you have seen the report about the presence of aliens above Egypt-Sudan," the chairman immediately began to speak after sitting down, "Now there may be two choices: one is to negotiate with them, the other is to fight off them. That is only a personal opinion from me."

Nearly everyone in the room was silent for a whole minute.

......

"Should we send out any fighters to intercept them or to fire at them by our weapons?" asked an officer. "Wait." An alien said. He stepped to the platform and stared at the screen. "You said that seventy years ago they had nothing that could compare with our carrier spacecrafts." "I am not lying," the man replied, "We are hoping you for salvation, and why we need to bear even one more sin?"

"Hmm. They should have overkilled themselves for their reason that long ago," the alien said, "How can they make it just in three scores even after disastrous warfare?" "I don't know," another alien said, "This is a still respectful enemy." "Alright, fire at them or not?" "They are reserving course. It is meaningless to expose furtherly," the alien said. "There is no use for hiding ourselves while moving somewhere after the exposure," a man complained. "Bringing fear to them is sometimes more important than taking them out by force until now. You just don't understand our reason to do this."

"Do we need to talk with their leaders, those who hold the military?" a man asked. "Just wait for their actions. See if they are going to negotiate, attack, or surrender."

"We must fight against them, no matter how the cost will be," the Russian Lieutenant General said in a serious tone, "We are able to defeat the Nazis in the brink of collapse, and there is no reason to step back on this threat." "But the costs must be considered," a French major general replied, "Although we shall not capitulate, people will suffer much more after aliens decimate our Space Force and occupy our continent. We must also consider what will happen after we fail to kick them out."

"There is no difference between not resisting against them and resisting them hard, if you see the outcome----people will suffer from their rule," replied a Korean senior colonel, "But resisting invaders have been a glorious tradition for humans." "So you are putting other still suffering people on another warfare?" The other American senior colonel replied, "We can't resist them just by our surface forces."

"Gentlemen and ladies," as the chairman started to speak, everyone else remained silent and looked at him. "We have led our people to reconstruct the planet, to defend ourselves from behing harmed by zombies and other monsters. There is no reason for us to give up the power to lead people in front of an even stronger enemy. We cannot stand back; even if some people may criticize what we have done here, we should, at least, show our mettle to those aliens at least." He stopped and looked at the rest of generals. "Our ancestors have experienced the pain of people suffering. People are suffering now not because we fail to fulfilling the pledges, but because the whole tragedy is a well-planned onslaught on our humans. Therefore, as we stand with people, no matter how long it will take, we will eventually drive them out, even if we sacrifice ourselves."

......

"Where are we going?" asked Jason. "We are going to train to fight a street fighting," replied Danny, "This task is crucially important." "In cities in Africa?" "I can't reveal further information because the headquarters are still making plan. Just train well."

Working in the intelligence branch was somehow tedious and repressive. No one hoped to bring much trouble to soldiers in the front. Suddenly, an officer ran to the door and said: "Attention!" Everyone immediately stood up and looked at him. "First and Second Detachments, fall out!"

Without hesitation, I stood out from my computer and looked at the officer. "Gather at the entrance now!"

As soon as we stood in two rows in front of the building, the officer said: "We are going to conduct a highly important operation. This operation is critically important for our effort. Now we will reach the airport and enter PLAN's heavy cruiser formation. I can't tell you any additional information."

......

The heavy cruiser, unlike those we saw in photographs that were scores of years old, contained electromagnetic turrets that could fire in a range similar with that of many outdated missiles and a nuclear fusion propeller in its bottom. Staying just under the compass bridge where the captain and other leading officers was like staying on ground, despite going to the deck frequently for resting my eyes.

"Confirm the position again." I heard an officer reported. "The hostile target is nine thousand meters above."

"Operation Injection. That's like stinging the target to death, good name. How many vessels are in the fleet?" "Ninety-seven, and many other submarines," an officer replied. "Cruiser Bernardo and other five destroyers from Chilean Navy is requesting to join."

"Okay." The senior officer turned to me and said: "The facilities are ready."