# Monstrous Monsters

Without hesitation, as we finished up setting route to Washington D.C., where the Embassy of my country is, the truck reversed course fast, and we were again on the express way. Suddenly, tens of flying burning objects appeared in the sky, and flew to a direction. "Missiles again? Are those zombies so serious?" Jason said in great surprise. "I can't say," I replied, "But I am sure that no organism can withstand multiple hits from rockets."

I turned to look at the book, while Jason held the rifle, taking the memory pad with him. There were lines of black words in English, coming in and out of my sight on the white sheets of paper as we went past a sucession of lamps on the express way. Beside those words were pictures of greeny monsters, some like mindless dolls, some like huge monsters assembled by flesh and corpses, others like lycans or werewolves that only appeared in myths in the distant past.

"Jason, the book is a report to the government, what you hold on may be part of it." I said to him after roughly reading it up. "About what?" He put the memory pad in the pocket and sealed it with the zipper on it. "About the current situation," I sighed, "What I can see is that southern provinces in the US have fallen. Central America is not great at all." "What?" I could see his jaw nearly dropping out. "Who dares to make such a large crisis over the globe?" "One thing I can tell is that China is definitely safe all the way."

He opened the report to look after shaking his head. We were again turning in Scranton, but suddenly, when we were moving on the express way, a large thing appeared in the front. "That is the monster with the code 'Abominator'!" said Jason. The Indonesian leant his body out with the rifle and said to me: "The monster is walking to us, what to do?" I shook my head after taking out the shotgun. "Should we try shooting it?" Around the time, the gigantic creature appeared----a monstrous greeny giant combined with rotten flesh and limbs. The sharp scent of blood and smell of rotten stuff immediately flooded my nose as the monster closed by.

I could feel something trying to come out of my throat. Just then, Jason took out a grenade from somewhere. "That may be effective against it." "Are you sure?" said the Indonesian, "if the road collapses, I am not sure whether we can survive after we are stuck here." "Let me try..." I swallowed and held up the shotgun, trying to overcome the fear when my eyes saw the terrible face and my nose smelled increasing scent of blood and putrid corpses. I pressed the trigger four times, one after another without stop. The grapeshots exploded onto this putrid monster, burning its skin and compressed flesh. It howled painfully while Jason shot several bullets on its head. "Damn it, the gun does not fire laser beams." He complained.

As the Indonesian fired more bullets, the monster howled even more painful. I could see the Maine girl trying her best to back the truck, and suddenly she shouted: "get down!" In a large explosion, sticky fuilds spread everywhere on the road, some drops of it flew in front of the truck.

Without hesitation, she switched tap position on the screen and drove the truck forward, smashing on the scattered flesh. I checked my seat belt on my seat, and checked the remaining ammunition. As from the GPS on my phone, we were going down into Maryland for the next hour or so.

On the way there were even more cars or trucks dead beside the road, some burnt and some capsized, with dozens of dead bodies scattered beside. I would have fainted if I stared at those horrific sight for too long; luckily the fast moving speed prevented it from happening. All those could imply how deadly the disaster would be in cities of huge population.

The signal was continuously changing, sometimes good and sometimes bad. What I could still know was we were heading for a safe place where we could be brought home. Suddenly, I heard a large howl beside as we were going near a service station without stop. A creature with long fur all over the body, with a face shape similar like Anubis, stretching its hands, suddenly jumped from a capsized truck and ran to us in fast speed.

"A werewolf!" Jason said in surprise, "What have happened?!" The truck speeded up immediately as it was chasing us like a leopard. Jason took the rifle and cleared a clip. Hit by several bullets, the monster even did not stop. The Indonesian leant out and fired several bullets, but none of them hit. "Get this!" Jason took out a bottle of wine that I had left one week ago and opened it. The alcohol inside was nearly thrown out. He took a mop and inserted into the bottle, and lit it up with a lighter. Without hesitation, he threw it out, scoring a direct hit in face. The painful howling echoed in the dark night until it gradually faded as we moved away fast.

"Why even werewolfs appeared in the crisis in reality?" Jason could not believe his eyes, "They should be theoretical creatures in folktales. They may even spread lycanthropy. Oh, the report." He opened it and saw the picture. "Werewolf. The scientists even did not give a code for it." "What virus can transform like HIV in history that can transform humans and animals?" I also felt surprised. He continued to read the book, and turned to see the phone. There were many lines of news, and above all was:

**维和部队军人已开始搜救军事行动 联合国发布提醒**

"The UN Peacekeeping Forces are picking up survivors stuck in cities," said Jason, "Now the National Army is defending D.C. fiercely, especially the airport." "We must be faster, either to reach D.C., or cities like Charleston, Miami..." "Come on man," he replied, "We can't go that far unless we are away from flocks of monsters. But, we can phone our embassy to let Peacekeeping Forces pick us up and transfer us to a safe place."