# What is it up there?

"Are you sure that they cannot breakthrough our shield on our ship? They have perhaps the most deadly nuclear weapons?" "Of course they can pour dozens of hydrogen bombs on us, but it's like using torpedoes to bombard buildings on land," replied the man in suit, "Alien technology is far beyond that of low scums on the planet." "Are you going to release hacking over their nuclear arsenal and 'weapons of mass destruction'?" "We shall not. No known organic species can survive under that density of firepower, even us," replied another alien. "We just need to lure their prototype space planes out and decimate them like hundreds of planes taking down a battleship?" "Exactly. Well similie, Earthling."

"But what if they dare send troops in?" "Our soldiers are ready to take any of the invaders out once they dare to break in."

......

"There it is." An senior officer called some intelligencers and me to see what was on the screen. "It is a novel ship that is never present in our history until now." All of us felt great surprise and horror when we looked at its staggering size and many weapon-like structures labeled with "unknown". "Must tell the chairman about this immediately."

"In what way?" asked an intelligencer. "Since they know some of people on Earth made the conspiracy, they will not feel too surprised about this," another officer replied, "Just tell them about it in a frank and object manner."

......

"It accurately interprets what is the real source of the whole disaster," the chairman said, "We have been fighting those unfortunately manipulated and suffered, and it is now the time that we have encountered those behind the curtain of chaos." "The Indian Ocean Fleet is staying off East African coasts, and all weapons except for nuclear arsenal have been reactivated," the navy rear admiral said to some generals standing in front of the holographic displayer on the table. "Land forces including 1st Group Army and 2nd Group Army are arriving Syria, Iraq, and nearby countries," a general said in a French accent, "The Atlantic Fleet is also maintaining radio silence in the Mediterranean Sea and East Atlantic."

"One last problem to discuss is that," the other Chinese Air Force major general said, "Whether we should deploy our Space Force to assist combat, if necessary." "It is a serious thing to consider," the other Russian general said, "Moving our only elite aerospace force to combat an unknown enemy means, in a less appropriate metaphor, gambling with what we can really defend this unknown enemy." "Once the formations are laid open, it is hard to hide them in front of the enemies who bear no mercy."

"Our Space Force is built to defend external threats outside the Solar System. It is a risk for putting our elitest pilots and planes in such a move, but," he stopped and looked at those generals, "It is worthwhile to do so."

......

"There are aircrafts coming to us." "What aircraft? Their small Space Force?" asked the man in suit, "Where are we?" "Above the Suez Canal, approximately 9,000 meters high from the sea," replied an officer. "Should we shoot them down?" "No need," replied the man, "The more we show them, the more acceptance they will think of us." "But do not look too high on the anti-aircraft firepower against them. It is very easy to tear off their air forces, but still be careful to deal with their Space Force," an alien said.

......

"Squadron Leader Tim reporting." The pilot was driving a plane titled as *fighter* from the Space Force, which was thrice big as J-90 carrier aircraft on our nuclear fusion carrier "Beijing". "Where are we?" "We are above the Red Sea, sir," replied a pilot, "The headquarters noted here as a suspicious region that cancels any civil flights over here." "Prepare your firepower to deal with they call as enemies," another squadron said in the channel, "The headquarters mentioned something great here."

"We have been acknowledged roughly about it, haven't we?" another pilot said. "If it is  really a ship with firepower, it is at least theoretically impossible for a ship to overcome hundreds of planes by its defensive firepower..."

As the squadrons flew past the last cloud in front of them, a metallic object suddenly appeared in front of their sight.

"They have arrived here," said an officer, "Our position has been exposed by those low-life beings." "Just wait, wait for what they are going to do."

"The Squadron 1 report, look." An intelligencer walked to his senior and said in horror and surprise. "Send them to the Security Council at once! Keep staying tuned."

"The Code-breakers have transferred Space Force's report on an unknown ship above Egypt-Sudan."