# Firing out the Magazines

Beside the gate to Ceuta Military Base, a holographic displayer was showing a line of words on the wall around it. It wrote "Coruscant Space Navy Commission". To the right of the words was a poster, depicting a space navy officer wearing military suit, pointing at people who were seeing the poster. What below wrote: "Have you prepared for defending the Republic?"

Many people, from police stations, working sites, factories, and schools were busy building up street barricades, sticking posters, assisting evacuation, or reparing what had been damaged. A short article had been posted:

*"Comrades, forces of the Republic have entered the stellar system, and the integrity and independence of Mendoza have been restored. We hope all civilians to be calm. In order to defend the Republic from colonizers that are surrounding us, we hope you join National Defense Force and support the new regime!"*

Below was a signature of the 1st Fleet commander.

"Comrades, I am here to address some important information in this national broadcast. Last night, our brave soldiers cooperating with local workers and civilians launched a special military operation that had liberated all stellar systems previously occupied by the colonizers. Thus, the contracts on the military bases signed by the last administration, were no longer valid.

"On the other hand, our recent ship replenishment in Space Navy will enable us to withstand possible attacks from the colonizers. Besides, I am announcing that all civilians and laborers, as well as all military personnel, have to prepare well for entering wartime orbit.

"As president, I know that we hope to enjoy peace after our predecessors gained independence for us. However, the shadow of war never disappears from our skies. Some brave soldiers, workers, and militias unfortunately sacrificed in the recent operation; sadly, such conflicts had been happening in years after independence. Anyone's death is tragic, regardless of the death toll. 

"We wish to negotiate with those colonizers and the Empire behind them, although we do not originate from a same people. However, they still do not want to be rational. More seriously, the Empire does not respond publicly--they still see us, an independent *interstellar* nation, as one piece of their possessions. No one can bear the fact that their nation is only considered as a possession with no sovereign integrity and independence; therefore, instead of bearing a bullet that can result in lethal infection, what we did was to conduct a safe surgery that may leave sequela on the body.

"It is complicated to accept that war will erupt among those colonizers and our brave and glorious people, though. Although we will sacrifice more, like our predecessors that led us to be independent from the colonizers, we will never surrender despite the costs. We will fight fanaticism with reason, and hostility with cunning tactics. We cannot give up, because none of us want to end up with a bad ending--what our predecessors had fought for would be proved in vain.

"Therefore, no matter how those colonizers and the Empire behind them will treat us, anyone in our administration will fight till very end in any means, and all officers, crews, soldiers, and militia, as well as civilians in the Salvation Forces, will prepare for any offensive on us. The Coruscant Republic will fight toward the end, as long as any of us stands!"

......

"Phew, that was a tough task of speaking for an hour." "Bravo, president. Still as aspiring as usual," the Chancellor said, "Even leaders from the oppositions have promised to cooperate with the government actions." "That is great. People need to face the serious prospect, as those colonizers do not feel picky on exploiting us. Alas, we cannot teel lies to our people. The more serious the matter is, the truer we have to be. We can't consume people's enthusiasm in defending the Republic."

"I heard that some intelligencers reveal that warship factories and arsenals were found in certain planets, and they were fully operational," the chancellor said. "Yes. Negrin bore much humiliation from people in order to store power for war of attrition. Being scolded, being criticized, he never regretted of contributing to the Republic in an indirect way. He even set those factories in the southwest--we may escape into unknown space from there."

"I know, albeit a bit of surprise," the Chancellor drank a cup of tea and replied. "If he is captured by the enemies or set as a puppet figure in the future during the war, we, including possible guerilla forces and our fleets, must support him. He is a honest and clever guy; he cannot face the enemies, as well as people who consider him as a traitor. Therefore, we, the whole administration and any predecessors, must stand together."

"I previously though he was a traitor. Looks like I participated too little in intelligence branches." "Yes. I once doubted him as a figure who studied in the Empire and its colonies for a decade, and a figure who feels the Empire as the savior--some people are just this type. But he is not--by his sophisticated fleet replenishment plans, I can feel that he also bears a heart of building basis for combating invaders indirectly."

"Yeah..." "I can't say whether he will desert in the future, but what he had left in his term was enough for us," the president said, "It is definitely a success of constructing those factories without enemies' realization. It will function greatly once entering war against the colonizers. Many people hope us to stop them."

......

Twelve days later.

"Now, as the Parliament ractifies based on the president's decision, the Coruscant Republic enters a state of emergency, during which the ..." As the spokesperson was reading the script, some generals behind the holographic displayer were watching it with fury.

"They really did that! Why the Emperor hasn't issued a state of war against this damned country?" A young navy vice admiral complained, "Are we feeding the five battleships in the colonies for fun?" "We are going to step in the country with dozens of stellar systems, eventually," said a Space Navy admiral, "And then you can help us clearing the surface forces that have missiles to shoot our warships down."

"Alright, don't argue," a marshal with dozen medals hung on his military uniform said, "The Headquarters issued orders to attack in surprise." "What headquarters?" "The Emperor and Chiefs of Staff. Look."

*Execution Time: At 22:00 Local Time*
*Urgency: Top*
*Orders:*

*1. Order First Legion to attack the Battleship battle groups near Chanube by all carrying spacecrafts in Task Force 10 and Task Force 12; the Second Legion to attack the Battleship battle groups near Mendoza; the 1st and 2nd Divisions under First Legion Spatial Assault Groups to attack Chanube and nearby stellar systems.*

*2. Order the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd Divisions under Second Legion Spatial Assault Groups to standby, and the Task Forces under the Second Legion to enter operational readiness.*

*3. Order the First Group Army to station at Paar Military District, and the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd Battleship Squadrons to attack St. Catalina by warship artillery. Avoid direct contact with Coruscant Space Navy or Surface Forces.*

"Finally!" An army marshal said, "We can finally punch onto those low-life scums!"