# Better than Without a Flotilla

"Here it is," the Chief of Staff said after looking at pictures displayed. "The 'flotilla' that Ben told me." "Spectecular man-made objects, aren't they?" The rear admiral replied with great excitement, "They are much like very ancient battleships centuries ago." "You are right," she replied, "All of technologies that we have been building up are replications of simple matters in a much more advanced and complicated way."

"Masterful comment, Wendy. You're master of pen and sword," an American general reading a report replied, "It seems that we are going to decide the captains of those ships." "We are going to talk about that later," replied a nearby French vice admiral, "At least two thirds of the dozen ships will have captains decided by us." "So, who do you think can gain these positions?" The Chief of Staff turned back and asked with the smile. "I can't say," he replied, "There are so many people experienced in the Peacekeeping Force. We can pick up people in the Navy, the Air Force, or the Army if you wish."

"Attention!" As the door opened, the chairman appeared with some officers bearing ranks above captain, and the others inside the conference room stood up, facing the chairman with salutes. "At ease."

"The plan for Space Navy expansion is still under debate from the General Assembly," the chairman said to other generals present, "Although the transition period for the next two years will be under direction of us. We must consider the costs in a very strict manner." "The comrades in Hapsaha government, including its Prime Minister and the Defense Consultant, urges us to construct more ships to face possible aliens outside," a vice admiral said, "They are furtherly scrapping our resources after trampling our land." "We still know nothing about how many types of aliens outside the planet," the chairman replied.

"If the ships they give us are considered as light cruisers, using historic ships as a comparison, those ships that are much bigger are thrice long as the Liede Bridge, not to mention that may be categorized as 'battleships'," the chairman continued, "Assuming the invasions are going to take place in two years or three years..." Suddenly everyone stared at the chairman in surprise, including two representatives from Hapsaha. "Yeah, the previous one had taken place. No one can accurately predict when the second will arrive."

"Historically, the U.S. Navy had taken an average of 23 months to launch nearly all Cleveland-class cruisers into service, and 30 months to launch all ten fast battleships into service. Therefore, I personally think the plan of constructing light or heavy cruisers may be practical for us, while the plan for a battleship or so may be too unrealistic due to limited dock capacity." "What we need to replenish for is," the alien representative said as the chairman stopped for a while, "The structures are based on the three cruisers, while the triple main turrets need remodifying into double main turrets if we need to add hangars."

"What hangars?" The American rear admiral asked in surprise, "Who can insert hangars in a cruiser?" "The size makes it possible, if you wish to visit our docks," another alien representative replied, "But the hangars can only carry dozens of them." "The plans for remodification can be halted for a while," the chairman said, "The pivotal task for us is to finish the plan for fleet construction."

"It is still important to balance the costs in military and post-war construction..."

......

Two months after the conclusion of the crisis, the Hague International Court, which was the Supreme Court of the United Nations as we commonly refer to, as well as the Hapsaha Supreme Military Court that was partly organized by the Security Council, held a tribunal against dozens of war criminals responsible for tremendous losses of life and destruction of livelihood in both civilizations.

"...Therefore, by the order from the Security Council, as the Security Council agrees upon, the list of judges nominated by the governments of China, USA, Russian Federation, Britain, and France have been passed; the resolution on judge nominees from continental governments in Hapsaha will be discussed in the next session" as the chairman concluded the conference, every general, officer, and representative clapped their hands. "Now the third session of the conference if over, and the conference is suspended."

"We affirm that," the judge from Russian Supreme Military Court led the oath, other judges standing behind also followed the oath. "As members serving Planetary Military Tribunal for the Solar System..." With inspector-generals wearing formal uniforms and helmets standing like pacesetters beside the path to the space shuttle, the judges took their oaths before heading to Hapsaha's capital. After taking the oath, some officers and them walked into the shuttle and headed for the new planet inside the Solar System.

"Here it is," as the officer clicked on the button, the Chief of Staff stood on the ship after walking out of the elevator. "What a large ship," she whispered after viewing the hangar she was in, which was as large as dozens of classrooms. Several fighters from the former Space Force were parked inside different sections of the hangar. "This is the light cruiser named Aurora," she looked around the hangar and said. "We will need one more month to finish up outfits here," replied the Fitting-out Officer who just walked by. "I see, what about the carrying aircrafts?" "We plan to setup bomber squadrons consist of bombers imported from Hapsaha, which can dive from ten thousand meters above the target and drop missiles that can pierce through 63 cm armor made by titanium-steel standard armor."

"How many crews can it contain?" "About two thousand," replied the Fitting-out Officer, "The specific departments are still under discussion, possibly determined by the Security Council." "We will provide the plans for each ships, don't worry," the Chief of Staff said, "And the plans will be effective immediately after the ships are launched into service."

"Attention!" A following officer shouted as the Chief of Staff and the Fitting-out Officer entered another section on the cruiser. "At ease," the officer shouted again after everyone stood straight, seeing the Chief of Staff and the Fitting-out Officer entering. "Comrades, focus on your work," the Fitting-out Officer said to workers who were checking armor stability, using robots to connect wires, and talking to nearby ones.

"This will be the base of a double main battery that can fire intense plasma beams," the Fitting-out Officer said as they walked around in the cylindrical structure exposed to sunlight from above, as if a community of houses were emptied by a thirty-meter wide cylinder. "The turrets will be installed after finishing up compartments here." "Thanks for your effort," the Chief of Staff replied.

As a reward for our effort, we were permitted to have a week vacation just in the middle of August. After getting the online ticket of space shuttle from Guangzhou to Mars City, we gathered some veterans to visit settlements on Mars, a place where we had been dreaming to visit.

After a thrilling flight in space, where the blue and green Earth, grayish Moon decorated by mining sites, as well as the reddish Mars with seas condensing into low lands after decades of transformation. The first time for me to travel from my home planet to a familiar planet that I hadn't been to was a pleasant journey, although the weather was much colder at night.

"Can you command warships in space?" I asked Danny who traveled along with us after camping around Marines Valles with soldiers stationed nearby. "Me?" He replied in surprise, "I basically have no capability to command a ship." "But it is a top honor for anybody who receives the order," a sailor eating a freshly baked fish replied with a smile, "It is not specified to force Naval commanders onto the ship." "I haven't studied any knowledge about them for the past weeks," Danny drank a cup of water and replied. "Why don't you try learning about it and attend examination for Space Navy crews next year?" Another soldier replied, "You are successful in bring militia like me into soldiers of the formal army, which is very difficult for many commanders during a turmoil. Are you afraid about staying in space?"

Others nearby laughed with humor. "I am not afraid to go anywhere where people need us, but knowledge is important in keeping us safe while defending dangers from people." "I see," an officer bringing bread into the camp said, "I heard that Ariel just succeeded in physical tests for Space Navy crews, and she would be preparing examinations." "Which Ariel?" A soldier asked after cutting a piece of bread. "Lyudmila," the officer continued, "Whose grandfather was a warrior that commanded soldiers only enough to defend a town to defend Polish invaders scores of years ago." "Ah, Ariel," Danny replied, "She graduated from the same military academy." "So, do you want to lag behind her?" asked Jason with humor. Others laughed again. "Just by studying, I can catch up; but improving my skills to her level will be a long effort."

We laughed out loud as he finished the sentence with somehow unsuitable seriousness. "She may be appointed as captain much earlier than you could get a position!" A soldier replied with a mild laughter. "Who knows," a nearby soldier laughed, "Maybe you may be a captain in the future!"