# Sparks in Clouds

Twenty-five days after foundation of Solar Space Navy, in an unknown planet.

Some civilians were walking in the street. "Hey, Pedro," one police officer walking on the sidewalk heard someone calling from his back. It was a worker wearing working suits and a safety helmet. "Lopez, why are you here?"

"Don't you hear that many offices are releasing workers early?" The worker replied, "I heard that the colonizers outside are gathering massive forces, at least heard from public news." "How large?" "Some friends in Algarve told me that some flotillas of destroyers cruisers are moving just beside the borders," as they walked past a corner, the worker continued, "At least our Salvation Forces there and here have intercepted telegrams about it."

As they walked into a working site that many facilities were left unoperated for a certain time, they closed the door of a box room. "I heard that some officers reported that they may have been tracked and experienced attacks on them. Luckily your seniors are guarding in those districts," the worker continued, "Or else if our Salvation Forces take in part, those colonizers can find excuse to kill us."

"They are taking action right now. Last night, two assassins tried to kill Orwell. He managed to hide in the bar, where you used it as a small fort," the police officer said, "Orwell was just hiding behind a bookshelf perfectly when he saw assassins throwing Molotov Cocktails straight into the shop through windows." "What?" The worker was in surprise. "It was in a different district. I was routined to work there by the time."

......

"Orwell, are you fine?" A worker gave a bottle of water to an alien lying on a white bed. "I am all fine. Doctor says that this mild scorch will be healed in two days." "Alright," the worker turned to another workmate, "Lopez, I think we need to launch the operation this night. This morning, I think I have seen notice by those aliens stationing here." "For what?" The policeman said, "Ah! Searching rioters! So, why they are chasing you, Orwell?"

"I think that last night, when I walked past a shed, I heard someone speaking 'arresting the Workers' Union leaders' and something like 'blowing up the shipyards', then I got chosen by two rioters. I did not know that they just threw Molotov Cocktails! Luckily, the fire was put off by auto fire suppression systems, and they did not see me clearly." 

"Oh, how many hours have I slept?" The lying man asked. "Just a normal two-hour sleep," Lopez replied, "By the way, why Sonia hasn't come back from the Police Office?" Suddenly, the police officer seemed to feel something bad and turned to the worker: "Lopez, come with me and grab two assault rifles and flash bombs! Something is going wrong!" "Let me going there!" The other worker said, "I will call someone else to take care of you!"

As the three tall men ran out of the door, the lying man murmured: "The storm is close..." Then, he grabbed the intercom just on the table beside him, clicking some buttons on it. "O'Higgins, this is Orwell." The voice on the other side said: "Why call me at this moment! I am just inside toilet!" "Seriously. I need you to send the maps of the ground tunnels and weapon depots inside the city immediately." "But...some guards are inside the room!" "Try. It is vitally important for tonight." "I will."

......

"Pedro, any residue or footprints?" "Nothing!" The policeman shook his head, then frowned a bit. "Wait...Don't tell me that the Urban Defense Minister..." "Lopez and Hernando, you guys search the five exits in the north. I search the southern exits." "Yes, sir."

As the two workers ran into a different road, the policeman broke into a rusty gate, behind which was a large dark tunnel with dim lights illuminating darkness vaguely. He took out the assault rifle from his briefcase and looked at the watch. "Damn it, only one hour left!" Just when he ran past a safety room, he quickly kicked on the door, which collapsed into darkness inside. Clicking on his monitoring device, a light from it lit up the small room. "The telegraph! See if it can work..." After the machine opened, he quickly typed a line of words:

**Carnations Blossomed in Mendoza**

Sonia opened her eyes, only to find that she was lying on the cold metallic road. Cold and wet air was choking her in this small space. As pain on back of her head was still dominant in her mind, quarrels were happening nearby.

"You bastards! Now the Coruscant Legion officers are resting at home today because of their tradition!" An alien in military suit shouted to some soldiers and militia nearby. "We...do not think about this..." a police officer said, "Although those workers and policemen are making trouble..."

The lady lying beside them wore a trditional office suit, panicking to find out her hands had been tied. "I heard that the police officer took me to the scene, then..." As she murmured painfully, sharp pain troubled her brain.

"Now the telegraphs had been detonated under strict protection, how can I report it to the military, huh?" The alien shouted. "Just...just tell their leader at his home..." "He will definitely suspect me first! How can he believe the fact and assemble the other officers just in minutes! They can't tolerate our action of breaking their tradition!" "Who...are you..." As Sonia tried to turn her head around, those people immediately looked at her.

"Ah, the ardent office lady. You are very great in bringing trouble to the military bases!" An officer pulled the charging on his rifle and walked to the lying lady. "Who are your companions? Why tell them about the recent military operations!" As the officer rudely held her onto the wall, the lady stared at the enemy with anger. "Say! How dare you stare at me!"

"Just finish up her right here. Find a functional telegraph and tell those aliens immediately about the trouble!" The alien said in fury. Around the same moment, Pedro saw about twenty figures down below the ladder. "So many? I must be quick." After silently climbing down, he shouted: "City Police! Hold your hands up with weapons on the ground!"

"That policeman, get your hell out of here!" A soldier shouted. "I am out of time, if you wish, shoot in a salvo." The policeman removed the insurance on the flask bomb and the smoke bomb by his left hand, with the right hand holding the assault rifle. "Get out!" Another soldier shouted. Just then, the policeman threw out the flash bomb and turned back. In a few seconds, following the explosion, he quickly fired out. Then, he threw out the smoke bomb, then wearing a goggle taken from his pocket.

"Sonia, come this way!" The policeman quickly rushed into the thick fog and cut off the rope by his dagger. As the fog disappeared, panicked soldiers and militias saw two shadows vanishing into the end. "Don't let them escape!" Suddenly, the ground was shaking. "What have happened?" A militia said in a shaking voice. On the other hand, Pedro and Sonia were hearing imminent rude words echoing in the endless dim tunnel. "When can we exit..." Sonia said while gasping. "Take the second turn ahead and there is the exit." A familiar voice appeared in the darkness with some beams of light.

"Orwell, why are you here?" The policeman was surprised to hear the familiar voice. "The operation is going on, leave here to us." A tall figure holding a machine gun said, "Hurry to the ammunition hub and grab something to bombard those enemies!" "See you later!" Just then, several other workers, policemen, and soldiers appeared in the tunnel, each holding a rifle and having a torch placed on their left shoulders. "Sonia, follow them!" "Ye..yes!"

As they kicked the last door, they saw the dark sky above and the street accompanied by noise of shooting gun. In the sky, some large objects with light shooting from them were firing laser beams onto the ground. "Our fleets are here!" said Lopez. "Follow me!" The policeman patted the worker, "The ammunition hub is there!" As they were running fast on the street where barely a person was seen, a young man nearly ran into them.

"Hey, what are you..." Sonia nearly fell to the ground and stared at the young man. "Horray! Comrades!" The young man's excitement stopped her to hit him onto the ground. "Where is the ammunition hub?" He asked Sonia. "Follow me, comrade!" The policeman said. As they reached the hub, there were guards standing beside the door. "Hey, Sanchez, give this young man a rifle." "Where are you from?" The guard asked. "The 21st District!" The young guy replied, "I heard that you were retaking the military bases. We are waiting for you for years!"

"Ah, Cesar!" An officer nearby collecting ammunition turned to the young man, "Wanna join us?" "Of course!" "Comrade," a guard taking a rifle came to the young man, giving the gun to him. "Follow me!" The policeman said, "It's going to be brutal minutes later!"