# Revelation?

"Finally!" The chairman stretched himself in his seat, "The salvage is complete, right?" "Yeah," on the other side, a woman with golden hair and blue eyes replied, "At least in two months the port can resume its function. By the way, the salvage crews recovered additional files from the vertically struck wreckage." "What files?" Suddenly the chairman sat straight up, "Have the investigators verified the validity?" "They found those boxes of files intact in badly damaged safe boxes located near the bridge." "And, can local Hapsahan translators read them?" "They say it is specific files of everyone abroad, whether dead or alive." The Chief of Staff replied.

"OH yes!" The chairman's short sentence was filled with enthusiasm. "Then, we may reveal who those in the Space Navy may different identities. Remember, some survivors abroad are recruited in our Space Navy." "So..." "Send the files to the Personnel Department at once," the chairman replied, "Then, we can deal with some problems recently appeared inside the Space Navy."

......

"Yeah, there are rumors about officers inside the Space Navy, especially near the scheduled medical examination on April 29," the chairman replied after seeing video footage of moving damaged safe boxes inside the corridor, "They concentrated on some officers bearing a certain identity but doing differently in daily behaviors." "So, you are calling me just to solve this small problem?" Wendy replied with mild disbelief. "Come on, we can't let some aliens else demolish our sole barrier on outer space," the chairman said, "Even leaving postwar reconstruction affairs to the Secretary General, an action that is controversial for the Security Council, is not enough to relieve the great burden."

"Besides," the chairman continued, "People are having a negative feeling on aliens, not to mention on Hapsahan peoples. They wish not to find additional aliens that will lead them to revolt without thinking twice." "But we are trying to lead them to the right track for reconstruction and reconciliation," Wendy replied, "Everything seems fine entering the new year." "Still, humanity is the biggest friend and foe," the chairman sighed and continued, "It won't be fun if people are going against us due to their instincts..."

Just then, someone knocked on the door. "You are more than welcome to come in." The chairman replied to the microphone and pressed the button. Those standing behind the door were the rotating Chiefs of Staff of Five Permanent Member States, and that of my country in that month was Amy. After saluting to each other, they sat in seats of a round table in the middle of the room.

"Greetings, general," as the generals sat down, the chairman spoke first, putting files of hard copies of documents. "First, I thank you for all your leading work in the Space Navy, specifically in the recent overhaul. But, I call you from the busy affairs to here is because of recent rumors rising inside the Space Navy and among civilians of both civilizations. They claim that spies are inside the Space Navy."

"We have looked through the files of all qualified officers and crews before sending them to the warships," said the American Chief of Staff, "And all instruments involving superluminal thrusters have been automatically shut off." "Yeah, we are doing everything to make sure nothig goes wrong by your orders," the English Chief of Staff continued, "What are they arguing about the problem of spies?"

"Major arguments of the rumors the Secretary General personally are about other aliens hiding inside the Space Navy, and some officers from Earth and Hapsaha reports some officers or crews talk very differently, I mean, in languages," the chairman glanced at the generals. "It should be very normal," Amy frowned a little bit, "For example, if you put some Russians from Tuva or Mongolia into regiments consisting of Chinese in overwhelming majority, I believe our Chinese friends will feel very surprise in talking in different language without realizing the nationality."

"I understand," the Russian Chief of Staff replied, "Maybe they are just exaggerating about 'aliens' just based on very different habitual things, like the accent. Oh, as well as fear of those 'former aliens'." "At least the French crews are not reporting something abnormal," the French Chief of Staff continued in a plain tone, "Maybe because most of our humans can't understand their languages, or just have no intention to hear private conversations."

"I suggest that the Personnel Department check everyone inside the Space Navy, especially those who once were on the downed warship," Amy coughed once and continued, "At least the work must be done before May 9, the V Day. We cannot scare the public, nor those aspiring officers and crews inside the Space Navy. Anything cannot be revealed until the Physical Examination ten days before it." "What if something really big is revealed, like, there are other races other than we humans and Hapsahan peoples are found?" asked the American Chief of Staff, "We can't bear it to our people and anyone in the Space Navy."

Anya suddenly stopped before wanting to say something. Her sight leant downed almost invisibly. The American Chief of Staff also said nothing after seeing Anya having nothing to say, then he looked at the chairman. "We can't tell people that other aliens have infiltrated the Solar system either, though," the French general broke the deadly silence, "What if they protest again?"

"I believe the people's wisdom," the chairman replied, "We have endured bloodshed, reconstruction, exploration, and invasion. The former Soviet Union embraced Jews for their contribution in founding them, despite the fact that Jews were discriminated at that time. If something really goes wrong--I mean, if other alien races are found--tell the Secretary General that I will take full responsibility."

......

"We have built intermittent contact with your lost sister," said an officer to the fleet commander. "Really?" The commander was still looking through the window, standing and not looking back. "Where did the contact started?" "On a planet that another officer named D'Souza, who was also trapped on the battleship, named Hapsaha." "Hapsaha? The name sounds familiar..." The commander suddenly turned his sight back. "And D'Souza also mentioned that it was now in a stellar system with another planet named Earth."

"Earth?" The fleet commander was more surprised, "What stellar system is it?" "I don't know what that means, but its name is 'Solar System'," the officer replied, "Oh, D'Souza also managed to a report on April 8, 2240 local time. It seems that this stellar system also uses twelve months for a year, and a calendar of 365 days. I won't disturb you further, sir, here is the report."

The fleet commander saw a hard file consisting of several papers left by the leaving officer on the table. "Interesting report on this new civilization. Let me see...Luckily the intelligence has confirmed no enemy ambush on my fleet..."

He sat back onto his seat, and began to scan lines of words...

*Local Time April 8, 2140. Sent from a local shipyard on planet Hapsaha during their Space Navy's overhaul.*

*The Earthlings, if calling them more politely, the humans in the Space Navy decided to overhaul their small flotillas--installing bigger main turrets. To tell you the truth, commander, if we haven't given suggestions stored in our embassy's basement, they may never do it. But something wise they have done is to scrap the fallen warship and use metals from it to build more warships.*

*The warship that once belonged to the Empire's colonizers had been taken down solely by humans' fighters that have similar designs of ours but lower speed. It crashed in the middle of an empty city on a continent they call as Africa ten local months ago. Agents sent by humans managed to detonate its magazines, or else, they have no chance to win at all. Your dear sister Ariel and I managed to find an escape capbin just minutes before the ship leant and fell straight down, and the escape cabin landed in a sea humans call "Red Sea". We were found two hours after the lethal explosion upon the demise of the warship.*

*Our familiar appearance fooled humans temporarily, although they have similar biological definitions that they use in body examinations that can find aliens from the other planet. I managed to prove her as a missing person in a country named Russia by some humans also kidnapped on the warship, so Ariel is using an identity of a Russian. Actually I can let her use any other nationality--there is no difference in this civilization's framework, except names of country. But, her apperance let me do so.* 

*She signed up to the local Space Navy, hoping to retaliate for her unlucky experience and fight for what humans are fighting for--she thinks that we are on the same track, but they are still lagging behind. By studying hard and using her previous knowledge in the Republic, she managed to be enlisted as captain of a destroyer--on the other hand, if the blood samples of her, as well as many other officers from the Republic, hadn't been remodified by a Monkaran medic from our Northwestern Province, we would have been exposed much earlier.*

*Ariel has regained weight after entering the Space Navy, and she never loses energy while moving around with human officers and crews, as well as local people named Hapsahans. I work as an officer inside a local shipyard, responsible for feeding them and keeping her warship well. However, due to intense training programs made by some officers from our Space Navy and the former Hapsaha Space Navy according to their experience, we cannot mke direct contact until we managed to pass the overhaul plan.*

*We discussed many things during the time we met inside the local shipyard's bunker, from the local civilization's turmoil and changing history to their promising future, to the recent just war you are fighting in. The Solar System had experienced two ancient world wars, after which they were halfway walking into what Afriko had done--however, nearly all countries striving for the same ideal failed to keep on two and half local centuries ago. Many advanced technologies during this precious time period failed to develop aftermath.*

*Only one large country named China was leading it after it--it had been building basis of everything for decades. The humans eventually militarized space and started another arms race, leading to a global conflict that would not end until scores of years ago, by the time of start of Wilhelm II's reign. Surprisingly, after the turmoil, what they had halfway walked into a century ago--was real. They started to build bases in nearby planets in the stellar system--same step for founding an interstellar nation--but not necessarily.*

*Ariel thinks that if humans hadn't been intruded by Hapsahan people, they would have been exploring the space socres of years later, the same way they are hoping to but not realizing. We could have time discussing about them in our language inside the bunker for about half an hour during the overhaul. She does not feel optimistic about the war you are fighting in, and she feels that local warships can't defend the colonizers at all.*

*Anyway, I tried to comfort her, saying that humans will find the Republic eventually. However, our discussions are suspicious to some officers recently. So got to go. Long live the Republic! Long live the ideal that we are going for!*

*The Coruscant Republic's former officer, Galvanic D'Souza*