# Dark Clouds Above

Somewhere that was not within the Solar System.

A man wearing a very different military uniform walked to an alien and said: "We just managed to escape by a bomber left in a cruiser in Hapsaha. Now it had capitulated to the low-life scums. Those ships and shipyards left in the planet may pose a great threat to us."

"Those ships, hmm." The alien looked at him with contempt. "Our battleships can obliterate them from distances they can detect." "But they have many fusion bombs..." "We have much more. If the Emperor wish, we can obliterate the planet dozens of round by a marginal depletion of our arsenal." The man said nothing but looked at the alien. "So, we have been here for three months, and you still do nothing about the situation."

"It is you and your men made matters worse," another alien wearing another set of military uniform walked in and said with disdain, "We can only capture the planet by obliteration after they put on a trial on your predecessor." "What?" The man was in surprise, "They caught him?" "Yeah," the alien shrugged his shoulder, "Just because those aliens are also not cooperative as you."

The man held his fists tight but said nothing. "Don't worry, we will obliterate them eventually under our overwhelming superiority. But the pivotal task is to finish up the chunk of independent rebels bordering the southwest border there, which I have no reason to tell you in detail."

......

Somewhere that was not within the solar system.

"Confirmed?" "Yes. They attempted to capture a stellar system without their Space Navy," an alien officer said, "And they lost after killing millions of people." "Bring my sincere thank to our officers there, and remember to hide well." The alien sitting in front of the table stood up and saluted to the officer. As the officer left and closed the door, he took the telephone and clicked on something. Some seconds later, as he felt that the connection had began, he immediately said a sentence: "Gather our Defense Ministers and the Joint Chief of Staff."

"Attention!" Two guards standing beside the gate shouted and saluted to dozen officers walking into the conference room. "At ease!"

"Our department has found that the colonizers may launch a large attack on us." The leading alien said to the others, "And their Empire launched a low-intensity war against an unknown stellar system in southwestern border. They failed eventually. There is increasing sign that they will launch another." "So, should we contact them?" An alien officer asked. "They are unknown to us, as well as we to them. It is not sure that they will not attack us if we enter," an officer in his opposite position argued. "They have encountered aliens for a time, and..." "We can't hesitate," an alien sat beside the one in the middle, "The president can fire us if we do nothing."

"Just place yourself in a clear position," an officer said, "It is the president who holds the real power, not you. But we can't always suppress people. Those parties organized by workers threatened to rebel last year when he wanted to give military bases to those colonizers." "So, do you want to succumb to those people?" Another officer argued.

"Alright!" The alien in the middle shouted. Then everyone else quieted down. "Gentlemen and ladies," the alien said to all others, "The predecessor established the government from the colonizers. Now we are only concerning internal struggles, but not them! They will eventually KILL all of us once they take down our independent nation. We must remain neutral from them. We can't lose our moral ground from 'invading' an unknown stellar system. Or else, when the colonizers put their dirty hands on our land, they can easily tear our frontline apart."

"So what are you going to do?" An alien officer beside him asked. "We should remain calm until the president is changed," the man replied in a firm tone, "The military shall not interfere politics but to protect our people, unless in urgent situations." "But what if any of the generals get those colonizers in?" "We must kick them out immediately without the president's interference; oh, basically prevent it by ourselves."

"What about your brother and his mates?" Someone in the conference room asked the leading alien as they went ton discussing something. Everyone stopped talking and stared at him. "It seems that he wanted to launch a coup against the government once the situation changes." The leading officer replied in a serious tone: "Nonsense. There is no actual proof that he will launch a coup, but we must keep an eye on them."

......

Hapsaha, three months after the conclusion of the crisis.

After staying in Mars for three days, we took another shuttler to it, the new planet that look very familiar to our Earth but only had six continents, not seven. After receiving escorts from the Space Navy and flying past shipyards orbiting the planet, we finally landed in a military airport beside the civilian airport in their capital, with the latter had been plowed by missiles and bombs for dozens of times.

We flew above the city at a low altitude during our travel from the airport to a military base near the capital district located beside the inland sea, which the locals called Kahnan Sea. We clearly saw how the capital had been reduced to rubble--by those "aliens" who had left without a burden, as well enemies who helped those aliens in the internal struggle; many tall buildings, which we conceived of, were literally blown beside roads, rivers, and bridges by bombardments. Just like what our Peacekeeping Force soldiers were doing in Sudanese Port, many civilians, police, and our soldiers there were helping cleaning up the debris.

As soon as we landed, a transporter took all of us, as well as some new soldiers who were stationing nearby for hours, to go around the city named Antioche. We saw many of their factories had been obliterated to debris by their warships, planes, or missiles. I watched the faces of the hurrying natives, who were very different from those I had seen on Earth. Who made the change? Those war criminals who we, and those aliens who love peace and justice would judge, in the tribunal! Those people disrupted the worlds, tormented our homeland, and crash their civilization's prospect.

After moving from the city to a shipyard that was still functioning, we were lucky enough to see workers constructing our Space Navy warship. Although we could not take photos, the impression of workers constructing their warship, repairing damaged facilities still remained in our eyes. For a promising civilization to incur such a fate could only be described as self-inflicted.

On our way of moving back on the vehicle, we felt something hit on the back of the transporter. "What had happened?" Someone inside the transporter whispered. Jason looked at the window and sniffed the nose, "The smell...of wine? And burning?" "Let me check," Danny put his rifle in his seat and put his land hand with his pistol to his back, and got down with the driver.

"Can I go down and see?" I whispered to a soldier. "If you wish, you can help us see what's happening outside from the turret." After getting my helmet, I jumped onto the machine gun turret and saw the street, as well as Danny and the driver. Suddenly, a flame appeared in front of my eyes, and I dodged the fire by moving back. Behind the flame was two aliens standing in the empty street, shouting something rude that I couldn't understand.

"Get off!" shouted the driver, who already held his pistol forward, "Or else we will shoot!" However, those aliens had no sign of stepping back and kept on shouting. Just as I wanted to go back, the driver fired to the sky. All of a sudden a Cocktail just flew past my head in my right, and just when I was dodging it, noise of two gunshots pierced through my ear. As the aliens fell down dead, the driver put down his gun and raised his hand high after nearby civilians, policemen, and soldiers ran by. Two soldiers wearing the badge of "Picket" in Chinese blew their whistles and went to check.

Danny and I felt very ashamed and uneasy aftermath and while meeting our driver again two days later, and all of us sighed with emotion after learning that he had been released without guilty but with critics from our seniors. It was a hard task to incorporate the civilization into our Solar system, as Danny concluded after he was appointed the District Commissioner.