# After the Announcement

Two days after checking our health conditions and quarantined for sanitization, we were able to move on our planet freely again. "I heard that the Security Council had issued the document on establishing the Space Navy," said Danny while walking into the UN Headquarters with us. "Yeah," replied one of my coworkers walking beside me, "It is very long, I heard." "It is hard to imagine how difficult is for generals to come up with a long report and a subsequent draft resolution that can be printed in dozens of pages of A4 papers just in two weeks, spending roughly 13 hours a day," Jason said in mild surprise.

"Come on," the intelligencer said to Danny, "In Columbus City, in order to assist our intelligence, you spend roughly 15 hours in successive five days, and slept for only seven hours a day." Everyone nearby laughed, "But that should be the way we overwork," I said to others. "Yeah, if we work for such cause, even if I die halfway, I will still do it," replied Jason. "Quite right."

"Alright, here is the computer." Jason silently walked into the library with all of us followed in a row, and we stopped in front of the adjacent computer with Jason sitting and typing. "I found the announcement," he replied in seconds. "What does it say?" The intelligencer asked at a low volume. "Let me see...it is still loading. Ah, here it is."

**Decisions of United Nations Security Council on the Establishment of Space Navy Command, Warfare Command Center, Space Navy First and Second Fleets, and Announcement of Personnel Selection and Appointment** 

*The Security Council had passed the draft resolution on establishing Space Navy framework in the recent closed conference...*

Below the beginning line were paragraphs of words describing the eleven capital ships we had and how the Security Council was to command the fleet with Hapsaha government, and what our fleets would be consisted of. In fact, a fleet led by a light cruiser, consisting of destroyers, satellite sweepers, and other auxillary ships, was not a fleet but a destroyer squadron, if looking at fleet formations in World Wars. 

*...On appointing captains for satellite sweepers, destroyers, and light cruisers, the Security Council decides:*

*1. Outfitting Officers for constructing ships should remain in charge for ship outfitting and serve as captain of the ships for six to twelve months. The Command has discretion over the replacement and reappointment of captains.*

*2. All operational or sunk ships will be stricken from Navy List since today; after at least three to six months of inspection, the Command will determine how to use of ships that are still operational--relaunch into service, transform as training ships or target ships. All crews and officers except those in navigation and engine departments are demobolized in situ, and the Department of Verteran Affairs is responsible for related...*

*4. Arrangement of captains and crews will be implemented one to two months after inspecting the warships and selected from former Hapsahan Space Navy crews and officers, and the Surface Forces under United Nations at a one to two ratio. All personnels will be selected by ability and examinations...*

......

"It has dozen criteria for choosing personnel for the Space Navy. Choosing at least fourteen thousand crews from millions of soldiers and officers...the probability is even smaller than that of winning a jackpot," I whipsered, "At least I can be excluded due to my fear of staying from planets." "Come on," someone said, "Your brain is very desirable for many comrades who want to take the exams."

"At least you can fulfill some standards, Chen," said Jason as he scrolled down the website, "Your physical qualities fit the standards." "Man," Danny replied, "Soldiers must know knowledge of fighting well, not just by well physical quality. Such quality is no match to modern weapons that can clear my ashes." "Why don't you try it?" The intelligencer standing behind Jason asked, "Everyone who meets rigid standards has a chance."

"Chief of Staff, thr Tribunal is about to come to a conclusion," an officer said to Wendy, "We can begin our examinations on those who sign up for the Space Navy after implementing the Martial Law on the day of conslusion." "Very well." 

......

"Morning," an officer walked into the room and saluted to the alien sitting behind the table, "It seems that Hapsaha people gave the Earth complete control of their Space Navy and their shipyards, and a new Space Navy has been founded by their Security Council." "What? How did they achieve this impossible task?" The alien replied in great surprise. "If those colonizers hadn't ravaged the planet before they took them to the fight, the Earth could have failed to defeat them solely by H-Bombs."

"Now it has come clear that the small stellar system has an overwhelming Space Navy that does not fit its real power," the officer continued. "If we clear off those in power, we can expand our influence and..." "Shh! Don't speak out loud. We can't let the government find us."

"The power that the stellar system has can be controlled by us," the officer whispered, "Maybe we can start a secret expedition and get the warships into our fleet, and make it as an additional force. Two Destroyer Squadrons..." "It will provide an excuse for those damned republicans to kick us out." "What about the Second Fleet? We have total control over it." "Its flagship is just a heavy cruiser. What can it expect to pose a threat on their capital ships that are defending the capital?"

"The government hasn't moved their officer off command," the officer whispered, "I mean, your brother." "My brother? The premier?" The alien was in surprise. "He will not do it." "Who knows," the officer said, "You are not standing together." "I am loyal to the military as long as it should be! If the government permits the bases to continue running, there is no reason for me to go against it."

"Alright." As the alien spoke the word, the officer immediately exited the door and closed it. The alien walked to the door and locked it without noise. After going back to the table, he clicked some buttons and waited for some moments. "This is Commander Ursula. Why call me, general?" "I want you to tell me when the election will take place. The national poll." "Alright. The government decides to hold the election in January next year as we all know...wait..."

The alien fronwed for moments in the deadly silence. "The president just resigned...what? Impossible!" The voice on the other side was full of disbelief and panic. "The president has resigned?" The alien was in surprise. Just then, someone was knocking the door in a fast rate, shouting "General! Are you alright?" The alien quickly said "Got to go" and shut off the communication and opened the door.

"Come on, I am alright." The alien looked at the surprised officer in front of the gate. "President Negrin has resigned right now! Those Senators are rejoicing in the Parliament! Won't you do something?" "I have pledged to the government. If I seize the Parliament, all what I have will be lost." "So when the re-election will begin?" The alien asked. "The Constitution says one month after resignation." "God damn it, the colonizers are right!" The alien whispered in anger, "Tell every officer to remain their positions and do nothing, and wait until the election ends."

"Will your brother control the election?" The officer asked, "He has an inclination to the People's Party though not a member." "I believe he won't; he is a fair mate. Just by enforcing the Martial Law, we can seize nearly complete control; but I certainly cannot enforce it without an order."