# Counter Strike: Universal Reaction (1)

"...The result is read as follows: with 120 Member States voted yes, 47 voted abstain, the resolution was passed with overwleming majority." As the General Secretary read the result of the vote, this critical resolution that would change the development of humankind was passed.

From reconstruction of the United Nations, to announcement of suppression of Postwar Insurgency, to construction of colonies on Mars and the Moon, to establishment of the Solar Space Navy, humans had been walking past important crossroads since the end of World War Three in 2070. Now, as the *Act of Establishment of the Office of Interstellar Affairs* had been passed in the resolution, humans walked through another important crossroad. The copies of the resolution would be sent to the Member States for rectification.

"You mean they are taking it serious?" asked Ariel. "It is to establish early contacts with interstellar civilizations even since the Hapsahan civilization moved in," said Eroshenko, "Not ordinary. Are we going to establish contact with your home country?" "Possibly," said Chen Dayou, "Interstellar relationship. That is maybe equivalent of our international relationships." "Correct," said another Coruscantian crew, "We will try to report it."

......

"The enemies are retreating through the interstellar treks that intersect at Mendoza," said the president of Coruscant, "Now there are rumors in the Empire saying that colonial forces are going to retreat from Mendoza as early as November, which will be arriving in this week." "That won't be a good news for us, I should say," said Jefferson. "Because we are lacking supplies from Afriko and Britanica?" asked the president's brother. "The warmongers in the Empire are planning to directly interfere the war, from some of the veterans who are serving in the Imperial Army."

"Alright, we can only push on the offensive regardless of their options," said the president. Jefferson continued: "Now, they are shrinking from the Southern Province, and they may possibly abandon Debris Pass. The whole country is seperated by their heavily defended supply lines to the encirclement of our capital right here. But, I have to say that capturing lost territories in the Eastern and Northern Provinces is impossible. Our usable spatial vessels cannot fill up the interstellar treks that lead to their occupied regions."

"And about the current siege of here, our capital," continued the Chief of General Staff, "We have discovered a secret interstellar trek that leads to the Solar system, and another stellar system that is very close to it. If the surface forces here cannot withstand their siege, we can try to evacuate from there. But before that, we have to leave the affairs to the diplomats."

"We must make the contacts official with the Solar system," said the Chancellor, "Sure, I will take the responsibility. It has been reported that the Solar system has established the office that will handle interstellar relations with us. The matter in two weeks ago. We have to start the related conferences no later than the first week in November." "That is when those colonists will withdraw from Mendoza. Good timing."

......

"Can't believe that they are using these fleets to fight out the battles." One old man in suit complained in the office room, which had decorated marble floor, a beautiful wooden table, and two lines of cushioned chairs. "Paul, where is Sir Nigel?" "Ah, Prime Minister," a middle aged man leant his body in and said, "Only few steps from here." In two seconds, another middle-aged man in suit walked in.

As the man named Sir Nigel approached the sitting politician, he asked: "What are you worried about?" While saying the last words, he delayed the tone. The Prime Minister thought for seconds and replied: "About the Granadians." "Oh yes," Sir Nigel smiled again after shrugging his shoulders, "Well, the whole government is worried about the Granadians." "Luckily we have left those foreign affairs to the diplomats," the Prime Minister continued. "Good. That is what the Foreign Office needs to tackle with."

"I will have to try to keep in with them if we change the plan of national defense, which will cut the portion of imported equipment from there from 35% to 20%. From the press conference yesterday, the Granadians are worried about us." "Yeah," Sir Nigel, "You can still keep in with them if you cancel the change." "No, Nigel, I am determined on that. The king is also determined on that."

"Turn to the topic," the Prime Minister continued, "After the conference, the ambassador from the Organization of Independent Stellar System mentioned the urgency of imminent Pansusian colonist invasion." "Oh? Organization of Independent Stellar System? Really?" "Do you know what is going on in that part of our Galaxy?" The Prime Minister asked in a suspicious tone. Sir Nigel did not immediately respond; he squinted his eyes and continued: "What part of the Galaxy". Then he smiled.

"The part. The part where the OISS lies." Again, Sir Nigel did not immediately respond. He shook his head. "Come on, Nigel," the Prime Minister said, "If you can't figure it out, I can immediately open the holographic Galactic map on my table and show it to you." "Ahhh," the man said, "I realize it." They looked at each other and smiled for seconds.

"I know that the OISS may be taken by nearby colonist forces at any moment," the lord continued, "But I should say that interfering interstellar affairs in a much more open manner will take you into a slippery slope." "That is a paraphrase of what the Foreign Secretary said three quarters of an hour ago," the Prime Minister exclaimed. The lord only slightly nodded in surprise. "And about the vote on Afriko instigated by Burgendium and Pansus in the Coalition. I think it is better to be neutral, which is to abstain," the Prime Minister said. "Yeah, it is important to maintain a feasible source of military and material supply in this intertwined Galaxy," the lord replied.

"But Nigel, I am caring about matters of right and wrong," the Prime Minister continued the conversation in an elevated tone. "Better not let the Foreign Office hear this," the lord said and shrugged his shoulders again. "But shouldn't we waving the flags of democracy and justice? We should be defending law and justice." "Yep, that is true," the lord replied, "As long as the current foreign policies are under an intact state."

"We should fight the weak against the strong!" The Prime Minister said in a slightly stronger tone. "Then why don't we straightly attack the Geonos Oblast?" "The Pansusians are too strong, although not like their past dominance." "Well, the 'democracy and justice' shouldn't be vague, right?" "I will assure the electecd General secretary of the OISS that major interstellar countries will preserve their independence," the Prime Minister said. "Prime Minister, I personally think that to enhance the understanding on the issue, you can talk with the Foreign Secretary."

"Thank you," the Prime Minister said, "You have helped me much." "Got to go."

......

"Withdrawing the spatial fleets in the Southern Province is a necessary decision," one vice-admiral said as the two high-ranking generals walked into the glaring palace after walking down a shuttle, "So, how is your trip to Coruscant?" "I told Marshal Alexandrov to straightly attack the Organization of Independent Stellar System, but he refused. I know that we do not have ample fleets, but the Coruscantians can safely repair and manufacture vessels there," the other admiral said.

After walking past two saluting army soldiers at the gate, the vice-admiral said: "It is risky to remove the Marshal from Command by anyone except for the Emperor. But he is planning to do so." "That fool," whispered the admiral, "an AWOL from the Imperial Space Navy and Space Naval Infantry Corps. He does not process much about current fighting tactics. Marshal Alexandrov is at least getting his rank being a soldier first."

As they took the elevator, the vice-admiral said: "None this kind of talk there. We must be united against Koch and the Central Army in his back."

"The current situation of our special military operation in Coruscant is not going well. The Space Navy should be responsible." A middle-sized man with a thick moustache, bearing dozen medals on his military uniform said in a serious tone. "It is already stated that the vacancy of defense in interstelar treks should not be tolerated." "It is important to point out that insufficient planning made by the Administrative Commission prior to the military operation. An underestimation of enemy military strength."

"Also, insurgent movement is creating difficulty for our effective firepower support in near areas of stellar systems. Is not it the responsibility for the Surface Forces to properly warn about potential threats and clear land-based defenses?"

"You are the convoys of us, vice-admiral Frost." The man looked into his eyes and said. "Should we head into heavily defended stellar systems without orbital bombardment?"

"Cut off you all." The old marshal said. Everyone just looked at this old person with white hair, and on his uniform was rows of medals. "Throwing responsibility is useless. I have to stress the importance of withdrawal from the Southern Province and Mendoza region after your relentless debates on attacking the Organization of Independent Stellar System. Leave this dirty work to the Granadians."

"Withdrawal is necessary because northern interstellar treks to occupied regions cannot be properly secured, specifically the Paar-Zahir Trek and Metrograd-Magenor Route. To spare this logistical and military burden is critical for our current siege in their capital. They only have one way to escape, that is to trample in an independent system that we had tried to sabotage secretly by virus."

"However, due to the failure and their crackdown, it is fairly impossible to fully siege the capital. From these circumstances, without permission from the Emperor, which would bring in additional forces to fill up the lines, maintaining the siege is the priority."