# Counter Strike: Universal Reaction (2)

November came with nothing eventful, except early snow in New York City. People were busily rushing in and out of cars, metros, small commuter planes, commercial planes, and interstellar shuttles. Workers were busy driving machines to clear piles of snow from the ground. While in Mars and on the Moon, maintenance workers were busy with those gigantic facilities that are vital for running our bases and cities there.

Except for senior people who often stayed in the Headquarters of the United Nations and walked in and out of the General Assembly Hall, the masses of us were unaware of what had been played in this cold winter until the arrival of the Spring Festival.

......

"How dare they voted 'Yes' during the conference? This place is already a concentration of Galactic hatred," the Prime Minister said, "I clearly stated that we maintain neutral. It is videotaped." "Oh?" The other man inside the room replied, looking at the Prime Minister. "And take a look at this. Mass gathering of naval vessels in the stellar system of Wädenstal. The colonists are retreating from Coruscantian Southern Province, aren't they?" "They are," said the man.

"They may be trying to secure the Rockham-Sana Trek, the straightest route that the OISS can pass through Coruscant and attack the Southern Administrative Commission." The man continued, "It is not appropriate for us to interfere even more in the affairs of those colonists, in the state that we have been providing technicians and intelligence to Coruscant."

"Shouldn't we send troops to the OISS to guarantee that it won't be invaded by the countries?" The Prime Minister asked. 

"Although I am a private secretary who only learn diplomacy, I think it is important to note that any use of military outside our country can create unforeseen consequences, some of those leaning to our side, others leaning to other sides. Use of military outside has to be taken from individual deployment of units to mass grouping of armed forces, which requires work with the Ministry of Defense and through secret diplomatic channels, therefore the cost and the consequences of such deployment have to be evaluated from broader and more specific principles by the leadership."

"You mean not to deploy the troops to the OISS?" "Yes and no." "Then how dare the Foreign Office not follow my instructions?" "Well, it is indeed true that interstellar affairs develop much faster than international affairs bound in individual stellar systems, and the nature of the Galactic environment occasionally prevents communications between here and other places. I also notice that the identity of the official whose alleged responsibility for this hypothetical oversight as being the subject of recent discussion is not shrouded in quite such a mist of full opacity, as previous disclosures led you to assume.  But not put too fine a point on it, the individual in question is, it may surprise you to learn one whom your present interlocutor is in the habit of defining utilizing the perpendicular pronoun."

"Why?" The Prime Minister raised his tone. "Tell the Foreign Office to organize a private talk between the ambassador of Afriko with me. Just two, me and him. Okay?" "Of course, Prime Minister, no objection." The man smiled.

Later that evening.

"...Yeah, I know. They have been doing it all the time since our independence," the ambassador laughed and said, "It is already unbelievable that a constitutional monarchy keeps close with what they view as a so-called leftist government." "Sorry for that anyway," the Prime Minister apologized, "But why they are fooling me like that?" "That is called a 'downgrading policy' regarding your demand," the ambassador said, "From command to demand, then to request, then to comment and subsequently, advice."

"Okay. So what about the movement of Pansusian forces in Coruscantian Southern Province?" The Prime Minister asked. "They are gathering for retreating due to frequent attacks by the Galactic Brigade. They do not have the combat effectiveness to rush into the OISS. But the Granadians, are going to rush in. So as us." "Oh. Wait, you? Your government?" "Yes." The ambassador drank the cup of tea and continued, "In battle. But your contracts with the OISS won't be affected."

"Sitting for a bordering country invading another bordering country's autonomous province?" The Prime Minister was shocked, and his eyes popped out. "Why didn't the Granadians talk with me?" "Because you trust your ministries too easily." "What can I do? To prevent the Granadians?" "Well Paul, you have two destroyer flotillas on standby in the Coalition Forces. They are at least capable of threatening off the two countries and showing us the correct signal," the ambassador said, "Of course, better let you, the Prime Minister propose the decision."

"Why do you know?" "Well, I do know." The ambassador subtly smiled at the Prime Minister. The Prime Minister stood up and took out the holographic projector. "I should call President Azania and the General Secretary of the OISS right now," he said to himself, with the ambassador still subtly smiling and looking through the window.

......

"Great. Now those Granadian imperialists won't be rushing into Coruscant's autonomous province, Pavlyuchenko." said a crew member in a small vessel. "Yep, what will the scene be if two allied countries' fleets fire at each other," the other crew member said. "It seems that Ulyanov is organzing an uprising in the rear area of the southern colonies, trying to take over Airnos and Tomonia."

"Isn't it too risky? Taking over two provincial capitals just near the imperial capital?" A nearby officer hearing the conversation felt shocked, "Taking Airnos is just enough. Taking Tomonia? The capital of the Tomonia Oblast and where the Southern Military District headquarters are?" "If that succeeds, no one can think of how the Empire will change. Resistance of occupation in the SAC Jurisdictoon has been disturbing for them, and it has been more and more intense since the conflict."

"And about imperial troops who will be uprising with us in mid-November. It will definitely be shocking for imperial leaders. If my sister had had been here, she would have joined us too," the crew member said, "She is also forced into conscription after my eldest sister Natalia was killed for reason unknown." "Sad story anyway. It is just the right time to launch the uprising," the other crew said.

"Yeah," the officer replied, "I have been serving on two destroyers from the Imperial Space Navy, from a crew to the deputy artillery officer. But I don't expecting myself to step too deep into politics even after promotion. Only taking the Empire over can free people here." "Can't believe that you have been in destroyers for a decade. That must be torturing." "Who knows? The nobles and the military are controlling everything; now they are about to conscript more and run the war machine faster to tackle our comrades in Greater Coruscant."

"Even the presence of the sole surviving Imperial Elector could not prevent Alexander II to launch the war against Salem Taqa and Allash," the officer said, "Now, after Peter Goremykin's death six years prior, no one can literally stop Alexander. He is relentlessly pursuing us." Just then, the warning inside the vessel sounded. "Battle station warning?" "Yep," the officer said, "Get back!"

......

"They are launching an uprising?" The tall man sitting on the cushioned chair was surprised. "Yes," the old marshal standing several meters on the carpet said, "In the oblasts of Tomonia and Airnos. They may be attempting to take the provincial capitals of Tomonia and Airnos." "How they dare to do this at the moment? We are just taking down the rebels in the SAC Jurisdiction." "They are already doing so since you ascended the throne, actually," the general of the army standing beside the marshal said, "But they are intensifying the scale in recent months."

"How many spatial fleets are available to suppress this uprising and siege the areas controlled by those insurgents at the border?" The emperor asked, "If you can call in the Central Army, that won't be a problem. If you can just command the Second Group Army to hunt them down, rather than letting them move around Salem Taqa with no success, crushing them won't be hard," the marshal said.

"They are not listening to the commands you issued?" "Already." "Tell the Chief Commissioner of the SAC, Dmitry," the Emperor said, "I will be heading to Airnos in two days for organizing the suppression of those insurgents. Right now." "Yes, Emperor." "If we can't even suppress them, the Empire will collapse for sure," another old navy admiral of the fleet said, "Just head for there. Or else no one except you can summon the forces."

Two days later.

"No surface fire detected. Clear to launch the fighters," the captain of the gunboat said, "All out, airmen comrades. Just try to locate the headquarters on the surface of Tomonia. Remember, eject when needed; we have contacted local guerillas and comrades to rescue you. Wedge, take the lead." "Roger. Understood and out."

As the dozens of space bombers rushed out of the five gunboats, they immediately began sharply turning down into the blue atmosphere. "Prepare to maintain above stall speed and glide after we level off at approximately 25 km," the leading pilot said, "Then we take Thach Weave, understood?" "Yes, commander."

"It is just very calm out here," a bomber navigator said through the intercom, "Where is their anti-air missiles? We are about to enter five hundred." "Yep, they should be firing at us right now." Another bomber's copilot said, "Where are their intercepting space fighters?" "We are now above the biggest ocean on Tomonia, and now one two thousand kilometers from Tomonia City. Beware. Begin missile run at one two zero, then drop all bombs above."

"Now, the priority is to hold them off Tomonia, right here on the red label," the Emperor said, "We need..." Suddenly, alarms sounded inside the room. Cups and pens, as well as other things on the table were shaking; the holographic map started to glitch. "The rebels are bombing us," one officer hurried into the conference room, "Out of no where in outer space. Hurry to the sheltes, Emperor. Please."

"Flares out!" shouted Wedge in the intercom, "Those missiles and anti-air artillery shells are coming everywhere!" "Have you saw the building, the headquarters?" The copilot asked. "I see it," the navigator replied, "Sending you the coordinates!"

"Hurry down, generals. Emperor, be careful." The leading officer said, "The shelter entrance is just past that road." Just when they rushed onto the open road, one aerial bomb rightly fell at the crossroad about a hundred meters away from the building, then exploded in an instance.