# Clouds Before A Thunderstorm

"How is the reunion going?" asked Executive Officer Taguchi. "Well..." Ariel slowly started syaing, "I remembered crying in front of the president, the chancellor, and generals when I saw my brother." "Ow..." He exclaimed in Japanese, "Bad luck for you stranded here for almost eight years." "I also hugged him hard...," she countinued, "And my face stuck to the medals and decorations." "Understandable," he said, "Now, I have a piece of news from the Command. It is about change of commanding officers in the Space Navy." "Oh? How does it read?"

"Possible change in commanding officers regarding the current ship construction updates, and may involve in promotion...that is a synoptic description." Taguchi replied. "When the change will come?" "Maybe in March, just weeks later. That is what is written." "OK, I see." Just at the moment, Mikhail and Eroshenko walked into the bridge. "Oh, commissar," the captain warmly greeted, "Just had a great sleep in my office at noon."

"Good luck that you are back," Mikhail greeted back, "The City is severely bombarded by colonists, right?" "Ah, yes. Twenty percent of skyscrapers torn down, smoke and debris everywhere. We don't know when they will orbitally bombard us, but at least major land-based spacecraft bases are still operational." "That is still a luck for all," Eroshenko said, "As long as we can launch the Aurora class in months. But what about people there? They live a tough life under that scale of bombardment." "Alas," the captain sighed, "Government officials even have to eat ordinary beef and rice. There are not many bottles of wines available, and we only eat fewer than six dishes a day."

"Even tougher than life in Leningrad during siege," Mikhail said, "Really unimaginable. If we can't defend the Solar system, then remaining people here will be next." "By the way," Eroshenko said, "We may be separating in a month due to work shifts. Wanna guess your next place?" "I...am not sure," the captain smiled, "We only have a dozen destroyers and light cruisers, three new light cruisers under construction, and one old but modernized battleship and one heavy cruiser yet to be delivered by Afriko. Where can I go?"

"Maybe the light cruisers..., if there is indeed a promotion for you," said Eroshenko, "Anyway, just be optimistic. It is an honor, a promotion, despite the fact that those light cruisers are basically lead destroyers." "I would rather wish for new ships to be launched," said the captain, "Because we have no idea when they will strike us, the priority task is to fill the vacancy of effective combat forces first." "I see," Mikhail said, "But nothing in the cumulative organizational aspect for you to worry about."

"Alas. Just too worried about the siege and the partial mobilization announced by the Empire yesterday," the captain replied. "Partial mobilization?" Eroshenko felt unbelievable, "They are mobilizing more military personnel and going to build more ships to fill the vacancy in frontlines?" "Maybe, but we still have no idea whether the imperial armies are going to frontly clash with us," the captain answered in a worrying tone, "It is highly possible, though. We still cannot see how many group armies will they bring in."

"Three?? Or four?" Chen Dayou replied while walking into the bridge and subsequently hearing the conversation, "Purely guessing." He stood by the handrail that Eroshenko was leaning onto. "The empire should be releasing the size of newly mobilized forces in several days, we can see. Oh, you went for practicing shooting, didn't you?" "Yeah, with shotguns." "You are so strict with your sense of aiming," Eroshenko laughed. "Bearing the right feeling can help me sense more," he replied, "Especially in predicting where enemies may approach."

......

"It is clear that the direct entrance of the Empire in the war is not very fun for us," said the president, "About four group armies, including space navy fleets twice the size of our remaining fleets, and well-equiped surface troops." "Now we have to keep the OISS intact from the start till the end, and some regions have to prepare for being abandoned."

"Tebry has to be kept," said Lavillia, "Or else we have no provisional capital stellar systems with effective shipyards and factories. Mendoza is also a region whose importance is just behind Tebry." "If so, the whole Northern and Southern Provinces will be occupied," Thalmann continued, "And I will try delaying their attacks on Eastern Province and bring time for the Western Province to counterattack."

"Brilliant catch," the president said, "Since they intensify the attacks on Tebry region and the capital, we only need to concentrate fleets here. It is confirmed that Afriko is going to allow exchange food and some raw resources for one modernized old battleship and a heavy cruiser newly launched in service. So generous." "There haven't been a country putting such scale of resources in supporting us," the chancellor said, "But we have to consider retreating from our capital."

"Yep," the Chief of Staff said, "I received a high-level confidential telegraph sent by vice admiral Frost's brother, saying that 'there will be intense attacks on the capital, expected in months later'. That is all." "By the way," said Alfonso, "I have been in the frontline bases in the capital. We can hold on till June. But if any intensification of attacks come prior, we can only hold till April. That means the spare time for evacuating to the Solar system is only approximately two months."

"We should begin the evacuation at what time?" asked Lavillia, "March is the best time to start, I think. What do you think, Thalmann?" "I bear the same idea," the rear admiral said, "We should be evacuating to the Solar system, then to Naborg via Allegheny. Keep silent during the stopovers. I will try to maintain the eastern territories and seek chance for breaching enemy siege if available." "That is tough," said the president, "But I trust you. You have been fighting battles which our strength are not equivalent to the enemies'."

"We also need to conform our people," said the chancellor, "Evacuating from the capital is always a blow, although we have been holding out for almost a year. Keep our people calm. I believe in my brother's capability for holding the capital safe." "Yeah, he does fight hard during these months." "I will leave here for organizing resistance activities," said the chancellor, "With both of us same mind, the enemies can't safely maintain control here."

"Inform our counterpart in the OISS that we will be arriving in the Solar system no later than May. And, activate the mutual defense articles, station our Coruscant Battle Group near Naborg and Allegheny." The president said. "Carillo," the president looked at a relatively shorter man, which showed an age of only forties, "If I sacrifice halfway, you must carry the whole situation as the vice-president." "I shall. I also have a suggestion that the whole wartime administration separate, one branch in the OISS, the other in Tebry. Since the president suggests he stay near the capital, we would not mind staying in Tebry."

"No problem," the president said, "I alway feel relieved when you are in charge."

......

"No chance," the chairman read the telegraph and said, "I underestimated their determination in taking down our allies." "It has been confirmed. Four army groups, equivalent to about one fifth of total armed forces in the empire are heading out to the colonies, making a total of seven group armies present in the SAC Jurisdiction. Three elite battleship battle groups cannot withstand that scale of forces."

"And the government alsp requests place the Solar system as a stopover for their evacuation from Coruscant," Wendy continued, "If so, we have to prepare defending the Solar system by our small flotillas and surface forces, along with available land-based spacecrafts. We also have to prepare evacuating from the Solar system. By available information from Coruscant, at least two fleets from First and Two Legions belong to the SAC will attack into the OISS." "Understood. And they also suggest retreating to Hepurit or Naborg, the safest stellar systems available," the chairman replied.

"When can the Aurora class be finished? Luckily they were already under construction when we took Hapsaha." "In three months, in May," Wendy replied, "All will be in combat effectiveness once launched in service." "Great job, Chester. That will bring us more cruisers to combat with. Britanica has helped us modernize the anti-spacecraft missiles of the destroyers; we don't expect them to survive under heavy artillery attacks," the chairman said.

"The Security Council has reached the consensus of signing mutual defense contracts within the OISS," Wendy opened the note pad, "Unbelievable that my country rectified those even in the presence of demonstrations in the Capitol Hill." "Pretty hard work for your government," the chairman said, "Luckily those people did not rush into the Senate during the rectification procedure."

"By the way, it also reaches another consensus of evacuating available escort carriers to rear area along with on board carrying spacecrafts," said Wendy, "We will be leaving the newly constructed cruisers and destroyer flotillas here to delay their attacks. We also submitted the plan: once warships can no longer withstand attacks, surface fighters and land-based spacecrafts will protect them for superluminal jump to Naborg." "Good."

"Wait. The Coruscantians promise to protect us," said the chairman in suspicion, "Where are they when we may be impacted?" "Perhaps in Hepurit defending off the colonists. Two of the four habitable planets have been contested by both sides since the start of the conflict one year ago," replied Wendy, "It is already a luck that they can help us spare that defense burden. Better than nothing, huh?" "We have to prepare for the possible issues that come after evacuation from the Solar system," said the General Secretary who had been hearing the conversation, "Evacuating at this time point can significantly reduce morale."

"We must convince the soldiers that it is only a temporary withdrawal. We will come back eventually," the General Secretary said, "Since we have signed those articles several weeks ago, we only need to secretly evacuate the escort carriers back to Naborg, but still routinely train the Space Navy main fleets. Just say we pay a friendly visit to Naborg." "Wouldn't it be too friendly," said Wendy in a humorous tone.