# Turning Point?

"It is reported that the Emperor of Pansus Empire, Alexander II, along with several high-ranking generals from the Imperial Military Command, were killed during a surprising attack by uprising insurgents in the Empire's Tomonia Oblast and the SAC's Airnos Oblast, said the imperial prime minister Vasily Koch..." "What a surprise," said the president, "The most glorious person in the empire just died in such an unprecedented manner." "It is apparent that after the funeral, Wilhelm III will ascend the throne," the Chancellor said, "But he may not acquire significant power."

"If he can overturn the *de facto* militarily administered government, yes," the president said, "But that is not so relevant regarding the current military situation. As long as the military is in control, a collapse of their order cannot be possible." "Colonist forces have retreated from the bulge in the Southern Province, correctly as you predicted," said Jefferson, "And not many of them remain in Mendoza." "Great job. Should we addressa speech on a possible negotiation?" The president asked. "Had better," the Chancellor said, "We have no idea on how those warmongers think. We don't know what they think."

"And about the matters on the Solar system?" The president asked, "We had better let them join the OISS, with us being the mediator. So, when we fail, they still have chance of not getting inflicted. To throw a smoke bomb at the unstable empire." "We can travel through the sole available interstellar route to the stellar system," said the Foreign Minister, "It is the only way from the siege. We should be communicating with our compatriots there. Oh, sorry for the delay in contacting them."

......

"Huh. The emperor is killed." Ariel said the word "killed" in a delighted tone. "Just accidentally by an aerial bomb?" Chen Dayou replied in surprise, "Literally stumbling into the headquarters and narrowly catching the right timing." "Coincidence, maybe," another Coruscantian crew standing beside the captain said, "Our comrades in the rear area have been combating the empire for years; they are well experienced in ambushing." "But isn't it too coincidental?" asked Chen, "Just getting all the way to the imperial headquarters with no fighter interception, no effective missile defense, nor ground anti-air?"

"It just felt strange, from what you have told me," said Eroshenko, "Just in the middle of this month, when we are about to formally establish a relationship with your country." "Any decapitation operation shouldn't be so easy," the Coruscantian crew replied, "But it is still good news that we are holding a conference with you." "So," Chen asked, "What are our leaders talking about? My captain?"

She smiled and replied, "Obviously wide range of topics. Anything available for talking openly." "What about the status of our Solar system?" "These may be popped up. At least ensuring that arguments can exist on both sides," the captain replied, "At least the conference is not my business." "Not your business? You are the military officer with the highest rank among us." Another Coruscantian crew walking past them said, "You are in a significant position."

"But shouldn't my brother be handling this?" The captain asked, "He is the Chief Commander of our Space Navy." "Anyway, we stranded here should be participating the meeting, as *de jure* belonging to the Solar Space Navy." "Well, the *de facto* part?" asked Chen. "Coruscantians. We have to be open if we are called upon the meeting."

"Rebellions and uprising are actually everywhere in the rear area of their frontlines, but previous ones are sporadic. Intensification increases after the conflict started," the Captain said, "Maybe seeing us frontly fighting against the colonists." "So the colonists are controlled by the empire, right?" "Of course," the Captain answered, "Innocent civilians and our comrades killed by them cannot be accurately counted. Some of my relatives are among them."

"Sad," Eroshenko said in a low voice, "That is understandable for you to firmly resist the imperial colonists." "Humans have to prepare for this type of future," said Ariel, "They will eventually take down the OISS once our capital fails. The next after that is perhaps you. They wont stop until totally re-annex the whole OISS." "Slicing pieces of lost territories back," said Chen. "Exactly. Britanica won't ensure the independence of OISS by force; they won't provide any help except for all sort of support."

......

"There are so many documentaries released by the televisions about the development of Galaxy," I said to my colleague sitting beside my seat, "They are overwhelming our minds, aren't they?" "Yep. How many have you watched?" The colleague asked. "Come on, Yu Tong, each episode of these documentary series is about an hour long. How can we, working hours long and dealing with these AI, spend so much time finishing them off?"

"You can just watch the synoptic videos posted on the websites," the colleague replied, "But...handling the telegrams sent from distant stellar systems by neutrino transmission through the cracks in the outer space is much more complicated. Luckily the AI stores all Latino and Cyrillic languages can help us decipher them with much ease." I flipped another page on the computer and said, "Here, this one says in a combination of Latino languages, remarking 'Entrance of Unified Economic Market and Currency System'."

"You summarized it?" The colleague said in surprise. "Yeah..." I yawned, "Long clauses and articles shared by the counterpart of the United Nations here. Didn't sleep well during the six-hour interval." "That is only one appendix regarding economic and monetary contracts," she replied, "There are about dozen of them. I am working on Chapter two of the whole thing."

"Some of my friends are working those on defense policies. They even sleep less." I clicked on 'Enter' and yawned again. "Those of mutual defense, or neutrality?" Another colleague, who sat left of me, joined in the discussion. "Maybe," Yu Tong answered, "At least not drawing us into the trouble before the enemies come. We should be bearing the autonomy before enemy strikes."

......

Ariel hugged with the commanding officers of Snowy Wind, full of joy. "Now we are truly comrades." "Thank you for your translation and negotiation," Eroshenko said, "Without you and others living in Hapsaha and here, we can't make this impossibility possible." "At least we have made it," Chen Dayou drank up the cup of water and said, "When those colonists strike the capital, you have a way out, and we receive formal protection with remaining...main fleets?"

"Ow come on," a Coruscantian officer said, "We have diverted our main fleet in our capital to a nearby stellar system not far from you, with ample fuel supply that can last for about two years." "So you only left ground and aerial forces to combat their formiddable warships?" Eroshenko was surprised, "Even though navy ships are afraid of shore artillery, you can't let ground forces sustain that type of fierce firepower." "But we have no options. Only three full battleship battle groups, and some light cruisers and destroyers lost or substaintially damaged; some destroyer flotillas are still under construction in Harpter and Tebry. We just reached the limit."

"The limit of controlled territories, yes?" "Yes." "The new emperor of our enemies sounds like even a stronger supporter of war," the captain said, "He immediately suppressed a demonstration for stopping the war when he ascended the throne in December last year. I don't know whether I can see the victory over them in my life." "Don't be so sad," Eroshenko replied, "You are only about forty. There are lots of more for you to see. Don't be afraid of travelling back."

"Wish you a safe journey," Taguchi said, "We won't mind waiting you."

January 24, 2141. On this fateful day, the United Nations representing the Solar system and Hapsaha signed *the Treaty on Entrance of the Organization of Independent Stellar System*. It was a monumental moment for the whole humankind, as the signing of the treaty brought human history into the interstellar level. On this important day, as the appendices associated with transportation and interstellar defense were the first to be rectified, Captain Ariel and other stranded Coruscantians were able to secretly move back to Coruscant for reunion. However, due to the ongoing siege on the capital by what we call as colonists, it would still be risky for them to successfully filter in and exit there.

After entering the small patrol ship, the Coruscantians began heading to their homeland. Immediately after the ship finished superluminal jump through the interstellar route, they could see their familiar stellar system with two suns, one big, the other also big; and the blue planet dotted with shiny city lights in the shadow areas. Luckily, no primary radars on sieging forces detected the small ship.

As Ariel looked at Coruscant City, capital of her country and the magnificence of decades of construction, she could saw missiles firing to the sky, heavy black smokes from buildings or defenses, air force fighter jets emerging from one cloud and vanishing into another just by few moments. Everything she saw was familiar and unfamiliar to her--the years of custody started by being kidnapped by colonists had blurred the sharp skylines, straight highways, curving shores, and shiny night skies in her mind.

With the escort of eight fighter jets, the patrol ship landed safely in the space navy dock located in nearby sea shore. Just by walking out of it, she could meet with the familiar people again.