# Counter Strike: Source

"The Third Legion is suffering from significant losses from surface attacks," said a space navy vice admiral, "Our onboard anti-spacecraft system seems to be too old." "But I do remember that it has been spectating the military operation since August, right? Rear Admiral Paul Kransov." "The enemy battleship battle group is active around Zahir, we are just responsible for severing the interstellar treks that intersect at the stellar system," replied the rear admiral, "We are only cannon fodders in front of the rebels."

"Recently, spies finally sent us intelligence on their military equipment," another vice admiral continued, "They reported devices from Afriko, our long-term opponent since their independence; they also identified radar and carrying spacecrafts imported from Britanica." "Are they reporting something ten years ago?" "No, they are always importing weapons from these two countries, but they have newer vessels imported from Afriko; more importantly, they seemed to re-deploy their second fleet around Hepurit. Quite a surprise."

"We cannot send in the Fourth Legion, or else inside the areas controlled by the Administrative Commission, there won't be ample forces to control those local low-life scums," the old marshal said, "We have been using one third of stationary forces controlled by the Administrative Commission." "But now we still can't breach in their defenses in Coruscant..." Suddenly an officer ran in and said: "The rebels are fiercely attacking our surrounding forces around Coruscant." "Confirmed?" "Yes!" He exclaimed.

"And there are gathering rebel forces in the Eastern Province," said the officer after gasping, "Mendoza is also under fierce attack, and they are closing in from multiple interstellar treks." "What they are intended for? Using limited forces to break out our attack lines?" "They are attacking precisely at our weak points of the defense," the officer continued, "Scattering original battle group vessels into squads, sending carrying spacecrafts to strike us."

"Send someone to inform our Emperor," the marshal said in a hurrying tone, "We need support from the Imperial Army. We fail to secure every interstellar trek." "Would he agree? He is totally controlling everything. Koch was appointed by him because he simply listens to the Emperor and likes to wage a war," Krasnov complained. "Better give out a try, or else our encirclement of Coruscant will fail! Two destroyers travelling back have been attacked."

"The Emperor won't stop. He even directly appointed Koch as the chief commander of Administrative Commission forces until Marshal Alexanderov is here. Send out another destroyer squadron!"

......

"Look, Jefferson," said the president, "You are very precise on their weakness of defense." "Just thank our comrades fighting inside the Empire, as they intercepted a destroyer and sank them; from the wreckage, they retrieved the u-pad about the deployment plans," a middle-aged man stood beside another man in his fifties, pointing on the holographic map and saying.

"How is the intelligence sent back?" asked the president. "From a group of hidden stellar systems that we have visited one year ago, my brother," a space navy rear admiral replied, "Luckily, the Second Fleet is able to hold out at Hepurit. After transcribing the data, local intelligence sent it here through the sole interstellar trek connecting here." "We also found the stellar system beside the interstellar trek independent from the Organization of Independent Stellar Systems (hereinafter abbreviated as OISS). Should we contact them? We already have our people stranded there."

"We plan to do it after our offensives end," replied the Chancellor. "Won't it be too late, Chancellor Evans?" "They are just working on our indirect message to them. Wait for them to end first, them we see their decision. Completing the offensives also has another benefit: we can show them that we are able to protect them...although our capital is still under siege." "Don't forget the OISS. Without them, Afriko and Britanica cannot send in supplies for us; although they are only a small coalition for the time being."

"We will have to bring them in, really?" asked the Chancellor, "Because they do not own a very powerful fleet, and possibly have to defend tens of interstellar treks. Look at the map, to the west is Granada, to the south is the Southern Administrative Commission Jurisdiction. Granada may not launch a full-scale invasion because of its long-term spectating attitude; but the Empire will." "I plan to discuss about negotiating with the Administrative Commission as soon as we finish the offensive," said the president. "...You sure?" The Chancellor said, "That will surprise the cabinet, the Parliament, and the whole nation."

"I have to say," coughed Jefferson after drinking a coffee, "We are only temporary securing the priority of outer space because of our elite equipment. As they are consumed by lasting war, I am afraid that without direct support from the OISS, we may not be able to hold out their attacks if the Empire intervenes." "They will after colonial forces cannot hold," said Jefferson, "What we can do is to force them to move out, better to restrict surrounding of Coruscant. But I do not think they are very easy to withdraw."

"If we can take back some strategic stellar system, our secondary goals may be accomplished," continued Jefferson, "Our brigades will take the missions in Eastern and Northern Provinces." "Thanks for your support. We have known that the flags over government buildings in Mendoza are being taken down by SAC forces," replied the president, "Maybe they are withdrawing from Mendoza." "This is the only provincial capital city they have fully captured," a space navy vice admiral said, "Even Hepurit's main planet is not taken down by them. It will be a major blow of their morale."

"We will later contact with humans in the Solar system no later than November this year," said the president, "Proceed the attack, Thalmann, Jefferson and Alfonso. I wish Carillo and Evans prepare for the negotiations with humans and the OISS."

"Understood." "We should now start the meeting with the Ministry of Defense."

......

"Send her in," said the chairman. "Wendy, she will be coming in two minutes." "How is your holiday? Can I say that it is like putting a vase beside the window of an office in a perfectly constrcuted reservior?" replied the Chief of Staff, who was combing her hair. "Good simile. But for you, the first Chief of Staff not climbing up from frontline military forces, you will not fully understand how hard I have climbed from an army soldier fighting against insurgents against the UN. It is the most relaxing moment during my tenure."

"Cut off," she smiled, "You are very brilliant in defending their enquiries on the letter when you were asked for information as the witness." "I am still having the power in influencing the development of Solar Space Navy," said the chairman, "Thanks to my past experience." "Ah, I remember that. Perhaps the youngest Minister of Defense of China," replied Wendy, "I don't actually..."

Just then, someone is knocking at the door. "Would you mind opening the door for us?" asked the chairman. "Never mind. Is tea ready?" "Fresh and hot on my table," replied the chairman.

As the door opened, they saw the familiar tall and straight figure standing on the red carpet. "Welcome, Lieutenant Commander Ariel. Good military posture"

"Thanks." "Want a cup of tea, Ariel?" asked Wendy, "It is hot and fresh." "Thank you, madam." Wendy walked to take the cup of tea from the chairman, and she politely handed it to Ariel. She took the cup by her right hand, smelling it for a second then holding it on her hand. Led by Wendy, Ariel walked to the sofa facing straight to the chairman's desk, and she sat down on it with legs together. After adjusting her sitting position, she put the cup of tea on the glass table in front of the sofa, looking straight to the chairman's eyes.

"What do you read from our interpretations of your letter?" asked the chairman, with Wendy standing beside. "I just spent a working holiday on Mars, forgetting to pay a visit to the Space Navy." No immediate answer came, as Ariel looked at the dedicatedly decorated chandelier for some seconds before saying in a plain tone: "We feel that it is a bit complicated. We are under a discussion." Then, chairman Wang said: "General Secretary Mellado just visited my office."

Hearing the word "Secretary", Ariel's eyebrows slightly went up, but she said nothing, just looking at the chairman. "If you had arrived earlier, you would have seen him walking back. I should have requested the General Assembly to simplify the security procedures for you." The chairman drank the cup of tea at once. "Come in with straight words, dear chairman," Ariel replied. "Well, I should say that, we understand the circumstances expressed in the letter." The chairman continued, "But you know, as officers of the Space Navy, our role of military personnel cannot override the government policies."

Ariel smiled and subtly nodded. "I think that Mr. Mellado would have conversations with you before approving plans related to Solar Space Navy, right?" "That is true." "Can I have a talk with him? If it can't be permitted, or transfer my words to him via you?" "In the future, Lieutenant Commander Ariel," the chairman smiled. "But the 'future' won't be too long. It is entering autumn, and the building here will be maintained."

"Alright," Ariel smiled. She smelled the tea and said, "It is monk fruit tea, right?" "Yes," Wendy slightly raised her tone, "Getting it cold may worsen its quality." Ariel gently blew the hot tea several times, then carefully drank it. "Nice tea." She replied after putting the cup on the table. "Will we meet again?" "Next time, in the future." After Wendy replied, she walked to the door and said: "Good tea. Wish to taste it in the future." Then she carefully clicked on the button and exited the room.

Some seconds later, while Wendy was cleaning the cup that Ariel had used, a beeping alarm rang inside the room. "It is the call from the Ministry of Defense of my country," said Wang Jun. "Should I avoid the call?" "Had better."

After Wendy exited the room, chairman Wang clicked on the pad. "Yes. This is Chairman Wang Jun of the Security Council." A familiar sound rang on the other side, "How is the conference with the alien officer?" "She seems to be welcoming with us," reported the chairman, "What about the release of planetary defense policy white papers on National Day? Will any direct contacts with their home stellar system made?"

"In the future, at least from the released preliminary discussion in the Joint Staff Dept. Not very long." "About the Space Navy expansion?" "Don't worry. We will be coming out of the plan. Just wait for the National Day. We won't cut the budgets."