# A Deadly Sabotage (1)

Somewhere in the outer space.

"...Ah, here it is." An officer walked into a large platform, surrounded by portholes, machines, and devices. Tens of officers and even more crews were inside. "We have located the land-based shipyards inside this stellar system, with nine planets and a middle-aged sun. There are large observable intelligent civilizations existing, one that tried to conquer with low-intensity."

"If our colonizers hadn't under estimated their willingness of resistance of the civilization and the Hapsahan people..." an admiral slightly slammed on the table displaying a scene of a stellar system, "Anyway, we must detonate them at once. We just forgot their prototype space navy and failed." "The aim should be paralyzing the power of this stellar system to build its space navy," an officer said in a formal tone, "They are having too much inside a stellar system."

"The General Headquarters directly delivered bombs that can detonate whole buildings at once," another officer said, "They are so generous to give a hundred bombs." "But, that's not enough though," a crew beside him said, "Paralyzing their space navy just by blowing up their shipyards?" "To kill their crews at once, so, those aliens who we forgot to kill cannot produce experience for their space navy," another officer clicking something replied.

"The independent rebels really bring great trouble for us..." An senior officer complained, "They are increasing difficulty of taking down a single stellar system behind them! Contact captain Natalia and order her crews to implant bombs without notice!"

......

"Letting us launch a suicidal attack?" A middle-sized woman in a deep blue military uniform replied, staring at dark space in front of her warship. "Silly idea that only desperate belligerents will take." "Shh!" An officer that just finished reporting said in panic, "This is not to be said from your mouth...captain." "Anyway," the captain turned back, "Tell the crews responsible for it to test the shuttlers." "Yes captain," an officer beside her replied, "But why test them?" "So, on what way do you think they can sneak in?"

"Superluminal thrusters ready?" "Yeah," a first officer replied, "Electromagnetic wave reflectors and deflector shield generators are also ready." "Then, in thirty minutes, we can go."

"The captain orders you to prepare for everything, especially the shuttler." Just then, a crew inside gave some gestures. Then, the officer replied in silence, "Reduce the equivalence." He gave gestures to about one hundred crews inside a cabin.

......

"Solar Flight 251, press ident." "Ident." A crew typed the button on the control platform. "Is it the planet of Earth?" An officer inside whispered. "Seven continents, blue ocean, a single satellite, that is it." "But...they have no capable shipyards. The seniors told me." "Of course, the other planet Hapsaha. The headquarters are there." "Be silent, guys. Never speak in front of military personnel unless they force us."

"But, how can we do maximum damage with reduced equivalence?" "Then, we target the headquarters. Set the bombs at local time 6 pm as required, and show those Earthlings a message." Another crew said: "What if we plant the largest bomb in the middle of the building?" "Great idea! And seal emergency exits. So, they have no way out; we can also deceive our seniors that we have accomplished the goal."

......

"What? Report from the Solar Flight?" The chairman was surprised. "Yeah," the Chief of Staff replied, "Its safety department directly wrote to the Secretary General, and he reported to me. Just at 5:55 pm." "What is it about?" "They reported that a space shuttle using the call code 'Solar Flight 251' moved from the direction to Uranus to Earth, then to Hapsaha, and vanished." "We haven't started any...wait a minute! Contact the radar department at once!" "Yes, sir!"

"Do you say that this shuttle not spotted while moving from Uranus to Earth and from Hapsaha, then disappeared?" The Chief of Staff's face suddenly went pale. "Repeat again?" Some seconds later, she replied witha barely calm tone: "The ground facilities are also invaded?" After the call ended, the Chief of Staff said to the chairman with great panic and disbelief: "The plane never existed. The ground facilities are invaded with no sign! Issue the Martial Law again, chairman! We can't hesitate!" "But..." "If it's a plot of alien invasion, we will be in danger!" The Chief of Staff sounded anxious.

Suddenly, the displayer inside the room opened with no one's hand on the button. "What the..." The chairman immediately pulled out a drawer and took out a large pistol, with the Chief of Staff standing in front of the desk. Lines of words in dreadful sky blue appeared on the displayer. In Chinese they wrote:

“勇敢的文明啊，我们实在不得不赞叹你们开发太空海军的勇气。如果你们执意继续，那么今晚的一场烟火盛宴，将由**潘萨斯**启动。”

"What the hell does the bold word mean?" The chairman put down his pistol, while the Chief of Staff took it into a photo by her phone. She read the bold word and shook her head. "I have no idea of how to spell it in other languages, and what does it mean." "Summon the Chiefs of Staff at once, those of all Member States!" The chairman said. "Yes, sir!" Just in moments, fifteen generals were sitting at the same table. "There is great emergency," the chairman said in a serious tone, "An organization decides to blow up somewhere on Earth and Hapsaha. However, nothing about it is yet to be known."

"Wait a minute..." Amy looked at the bold word displayed on the photo Wendy was showing to others, "Is it the name of a terrorist organization? A planet? A continent?" "We have no idea. The Safety Bureau of the State found nothing about the name either in the US or outside our country," said the American Chief of Staff. "Ours is the same," Amy continued. "How evil those bomb planter are. They can evade perhaps the most elite intelligence agents on Earth." "I think that those enemies are about to blow up things related to the Space Navy; they wrote very clearly," the Russian Chief of Staff continued, "I suggest launch all available military personnel to search all facilities related to the Space Navy. Maybe some explosives can be found inside."

"Then, gather the surface forces defending shipyards in minutes and begin to search!" "Acknowledged, sir!"

......

"It's one minute before local time 6 pm. Then, we are out of here. Leave the program play."

......

"Dear people, this is the chairman speaking. Due to an unidentified invasion in Solar Flight and the need for overhauling the Space Navy, the Security Council orders another implementation of..." "Here we go again!" Anya complained, "What I am handling is more and more complicated." "Captain," the damage control officer said, "We have checked every cabin of the destroyer, there is no exception." "Stay tuned. Perhaps they are planting bombs or releasing toxics at the bottom of the ship." "What if they blow up the headquarters?" "Impossible! They may think that our ships can't be reproduced by our industry," a senior officer standing beside her replied.

"What? Exit the building?" Ariel was in surprise. "Yeah, the Command's order." A senior officer replied, "Who knows whether the rumor of spies or another alien invasion will be confirmed." "I just want to search more about the overhaul," replied Ariel, "And I am not the one who planted the bombs." "Of course, you are not; but, the surface forces are gathering here for your and our safety." "I will leave right now..." Just then, the telephone near the receptionist rang. "From the destroyer Snowy Wind's bridge," the receptionist said, "Captain Ariel, take it."

However, as crews and officers inside the floor were eating, chatting, or reading, despite warning of a bomb attack, none of them realized existence of deadly bombs ticking down to detonation.

"This is captain Ariel speaking." "I am Chen Dayou. The Command informed us about a possible bomb attack! Get back here with the other half of our crew!" "I will..." Just then, she felt a great shake inside the building, and cries appearing from floors below and above. What followed was even more shakes and noise of explosion simultaneously. "The bomb attack happened!" Someone inside the floor shouted, "Brace for impact!" Around the moment, some bricks of floor fell down, crashing facilities and hitting people down. 

Unable to find somewhere to hide, she saw bricks falling from the upper floor striking her nearby space, blowing up her blue uniform coat and her cap. In few moments, dust covered her and other unfortunate crews and officers. Smokes were rising from this large building in the middle of the shipyards. People outside were hurrying away. Warships parking inside the land-based shipyards were shaking.

"The bombs have been triggered!" An officer broke in the conference room. "The surface forces are sending helicopters to oversee the damages!" "Evacuate our comrades from the building and save survivors inside!" The Chief of Staff quickly responded. "Damn it! How did those terrorists sneaked in and blew the headquarters up!"

As bombs were detonated, Chen Dayou heard noise of dust roaring in rooms and bricks falling apart, with people screaming. "Captain! Captain! Say something!" Realizing that the phone may not be answered, the damage control first officer slammed the table hard, noise produced heard by nearly all officers and crews inside the bridge. "Executive Officer Taguchi, you now temporary act as captain until she is found alive!" "Yes, sir!" The executive officer saluted.

"The Command's order, sir!" A senior officer ran to the executive officer and said, "The Command orders any intact damage control groups to assist with search for survivors!" "First Officer, get equipment ready and go to the headquarters with your men!" "Yes, sir! I will bring the captain back alive!"

"Are you OK, Anya?" The executive officer asked. "I am fine. Send out our Damage Control Group immediately." "Yes, madam!" Anya turned back, looking at the building covered in smokes and dust, illuminated by dusk, shadowed by disintegrating bricks. "I heard that Lyudmila was in the building...," she murmured, "Is she safe now..."

"Good," the Chief of Staff, "The garrison commander is slightly hurt but trapped in the basement..." Suddenly another line of words appeared in the displayer, saying: "**We have planted bombs inside emergency exits of the Headquarters, and a large bomb in the middle of the building. If you stay, the building will be no more. GOOD LUCK.**" "It is clearly provocation!" The chairman finally could not hold his temper and said angrily, pointing the pistol to the displayer. "Calm down, sir!" Amy stood up and said. "The bomb disposal units are on the way!"

Just at the moment, a large circuit diagram was shown. "I have taken the photo," said the American Chief of Staff, "Send it to the surface forces and damage control groups, chairman." "Got it! But it may be too late for them to defuse the bombs! Let them also prepare for this bad end!"