# Push It More!

"Have you read about the letter by the alien crews and officers in the Space Navy, Rokossovsky?" asked the Russian lieutenant general. "Not fully read. But I am very interested in what they describe as an 'interstellar war'. That is out of our expectation of how war can be brutal." "You mean...our World War Three is nothing compared to that?" "On the scale of destruction and participant forces, yes." "People won't allow us to enter another war, believe it or not, Roman. What we push as the letter writes will be stopped by them."

"I do wish that they won't stop us. It is just unimaginable for us to order our troops to shoot our people. I just wish to dress as a civilian and go out of a look, if they really had trouble identifying me, this Senior General with Polish origin."

......

After months of relief from the scary attacks in April and the calamitous spread of disease last year, things were not looking right.

When I heard some people questioning about why the UN kept the aliens here, my brain nearly exploded. At that time, I was walking out of the camp during the evening break with two military police who I was familiar with. The familiar sun shone through misty clouds in the west, leaving a beautifully mixed blue color in the east, where the Moon should be appearing on Earth.

We headed for the nearest bar to buy some snacks for other comrades, when we saw some local people looking at us with disdain. Still, we felt natural enough to walk into the bar, as being treated as an occupier was not an old thing. Then, when we were picking up the snacks, we heard two civilians saying: "Are you sure that they won't be coming?" "Yep. Humans militarily rule us for dozen of months with no aliens coming." "Then why they rule us?" "I don't know."

When we were at the automatic cash register, one person shouted, "Anyone who dares to ask these military police when they can be out?" Although the two military police showed no expression on their faces, I had an attempt of asking them, but I stopped myself. "They bring you peace," I heard one civilian shouting back, "And time for you to shout at them." As we walked out of the shop, I heard one another civilian shouting, "You are living in a pot of warm water!"

"Aren't they very hostile to us?" On the way back, I asked one of the military police. "Yes they are. But they are increasingly hostile to us recently," He replied, "I am just feeling that Postwar Insurgency was triggered by them. I also fear that they can attack us anytime they wish."

As a descendant of a family with two generations of ancestors in the military force, I knew what Postwar Insurgency meant. Insurgents supported by aliens fought for decades to stir up conflicts between UN Member States, but their effort failed. "At least I won't be joining them," I replied, "I just felt it as something insane." "But I don't know how many soldiers will join them. It is a hard thing for people to keep clever," the other military police replied, "It is just inherent human nature."

The next day, I heard two reports about demonstrations in the city center. I felt relieved when I heard that all those demonstrations were cracked down. At dusk, I went out the camp with two soldiers at my age to buy some local food back for others.

I just felt the strong hatred from some locals when I scanned people and things around. Despite feeling warm from the recovery of heat since the process of correcting the orbit, I still felt the coldness when some civilians walked past by us.

When we finally returned the base with food, we brough two cans for the patrol guard. The guard thanked us and invited us to his office. "Are there any offenses against you?" "No, at least for today," I replied, "But I...just could feel the hostility when I look at some civilians." "Luckily the crews and officers in the Space navy are, actually isolated. Or else, I can't imagine some of them taking control of the vessel and running from the Solar system after hearing the incidents," the guard replied.

"It is not worth escaping. You know," one of the young soldiers said, "Aliens are out there. It is only a matter of time for them to invade us." "Where do you know?" "Or else we won't be militarily ruling the planet; without Hapsahan people, we never know how hostile outer space is, I mean, regarding the scale of alien civilizations outside the Solar system," the other soldier replied. "Oh, we rule them by force because we don't know whether they will revolt against us."

"But humans ourselves can easily get rid of the fire wall. Many incidents in history have proven that," the guard said. "Let's see. If they really dare doing so, we can just run into the vessels and run away from these idiots." "Hope you not to become one of them," said a soldier. Then every of us laughed.

......

"...Since we have ended the mandatory military administration in the Solar system in July, it is not appropriate for the Security Council to restart the military administration. It is economically and politically not appropriate for the Security Council to implement the Bill of Mandate with no adequate preconditions. That is all for today," Chairman Wang said in the conference, concluding a 10-minute response and signifying the end of this session.

"So, chairman," asked the American representative, "What do you think of the letter from the Space Navy? A special hearing has been proposed by the General Assembly to discuss and evaluate the letter. It will be a big part for us to respond to the special hearing." "We should insist the seriousness of any possible enemy attack, although the letter can be disregarded. At the same time, the ship building plan should also be emphasized; this is our last ditch attempt to combat alien invasion. I can resign at any time; but this plan must be carried out."

"You are betting the plan with your whole career, aren't you?" asked Lin Qi, "Be a bit of conservative, chairman. You cannot resign!" "If we combat alien invasion with the current set of Solar Space Navy, that is not enough; if I can do nothing to improve it, the Security Council does not need existing. If I can't do it, the Five Permanent Member States will push it. If that happens, the Security Council should be of non-existence."

"Then..." The American representative continued, "We are going to wait for their decision, right?" "No. The result is obvious--it will be passed for sure. If we are still under military administration, pushing the plans can be simple; but now, we should see how they will keep our plans. Remember to see the comments from the governments, and stay tuned for the special hearing. I really feel tired these days." "Are you going to request for a working holiday?" asked Wendy, "Should I help you deal with those documents?" "Nah, I will do it myself."

......

"...This special hearing is intended to evaluate the current spending of the United Nations, in order to properly adjust the funds provided by the governments of the Member States..." "It finally begins. Now Ariel, I should give you ten bucks. I think too simple about the funds," said Chen Dayou as he watched the TV broadcast inside the bridg. "It must be carried out. If your humans can't understand the seriousness from our tips, any fleet expansion plans won't work," replied Ariel.

"I don't see the chairman of the Security Council. Isn't him the first person to be inquiried?" "He is on a working holiday, from released official reports," replied Eroshenko, "Maybe he is suffering from serious stress. Five years! On top of global forces." "Not on top of the globe," replied a crew member, "Or else there is no need for PLA. The UN is still not very powerful as 'a global government'." "But the Security Council is definitely powerful, especially in commanding the Solar Space Navy," another crew member said. "Of course, it is a thing that results from compromises between Permanent Member States," said Ariel.

The chairman took another charter flight to Mars; luckily, there was no attack on the spacecraft. He moved to a city near the Hellas Planitia Lake, once one of the deepest impact craters on Mars. Approximate areas near the gigantic lake were full of grass and trees, with the blueish sunlight illuminating through the windows installed at the city. Twice the size of the Black Sea on Earth, the lake, along with trees and articifial objects on the bank, created a sight of articifial scenery that was still worth vacationing when free.

When standing in front of the gigantic lake where the military base he would reside for the next two months located, he was surprised: conventionally, a working holiday during a special hearing was not permitted, especially for a man on this type of position; but it was the first time, during his tenure, he could have a taste on the power he had been enjoying.

During the two-month-long special hearing, beside attending the sessions virtually as required, the chairman walked along the bank, sometimes observing the blue water, sometimes standing beside the fences to think of something, or just to get rid of absence of mind. During weekends, he would take a look on the documents produced from the special hearing, then take notes on them; after doing what he thought as enough work, he would ride a boat in the lake, but never approaching water more than 10 km away from the bank. Often on Sundays, he would practice rifle firing right inside the base. He always enjoyed the feeling of scoring a bull's eye.

Security forces were present in the military base, as the chairman resided there; however, he personally requested them not to stay too close from him. Thus, when I heard that our former chairman of the Security Council was all "wandering" inside a military base, I felt stunned. Anyway, from private conversation with this old man near his seventies, it seemed that he never had long conversations with patrolling local soldiers.

The chairman felt that he was like the Hapsahan planet during its transition phase, which was pushed by the powerful planetary engines to a designated orbit in space, staying there in the universe silently, having no bearings on where it would be pushing into. He just felt that it was perhaps the closest moment for a man still in military service, holding a high position in the UN, to be detached from heavy work; I could not say how he actually regarded this working holiday, but if I had been in his position, I would feel satisfactory for it.

Often, he would join meals inside the military base with those soldiers, never mind having straight talks with them. From the present, he recalled enjoying a local cuisine that tasted like a Carribean dish, as it brought him a familiarization with Earth from this artificially created society by Earth civilization. He always included this cuisine in his lunches and dinners, carefully chewing cut pieces of vegetables in the cuisine. Although he wished to smoke through tobacco pipes, his identity as a man in military service prohibited him from doing so, so he would rather smell the tobacco pipe.

Beside learning about the situation from talks with soldiers and sessions during the special hearing, he seldom watched any social media or TV programs. He would rather read books from a century ago, most of them regarded as outdated ancient creations by people in the present day.

As the holiday ended, for Wang Jun, at least he had survived for the election in September--the special hearing did not target the Security Council, of course the organizing members never dared to do so. The letter, in return, helped him successfully be re-elected as the Chairman by the General Assembly during the special hearing. He had to take the second term seriously, as not much time would not be available for preparing for alien invasion against humans.