# The Crossroad

Another uneventful month had passed in the Solar system.

"With the two stellar systems lost," said the marshal in the bridge of a large spaceship, "We can just launch an offensive at Coruscant stellar system by our spatial forcex within the region." "Don't forget that there are many ground facilities established on their planets and satellites. We just suffered a major setback two weeks ago." "Ow come on, just these weapons that specifically target the satellite sweepers make you so serious about this small stellar system." "I bet you don't spend time reading the briefings again. Yesterday at St. Louis stellar system in the country's Eastern Province, two satellite sweepers were destroyed after coming to sever their ground communications, while two destroyers were severely damaged."

"Huh? Are you scared to approach their capital? It is very easy for our ship to clear a way in its intense asteroid belt or just avoid it." "Don't be too easy with the rebels. The flagship of the Third Fleet under the Second Group Army was destroyed by fire and explosion in the engines after bombardment. The matter was impossible to happen as commanders of the fleet placed many destroyers and cruisers nearby; but it just happened."

The marshal replied: "You can always use swarns of planes piloted by experienced crews to take down such an old ship. Just because of the chaotic environment of space thanks to the dark matter and other things, it is very hard to maintain stable connection to stellar systems, not to mention those radars targeting small targets or targeting warships from far distances..."

"How can you explain that their secondary radars hadn't be activated until thirty seconds prior to the attack? If it wasn't because you held large quantity of ships, and this flagship was near the end of service, you would have been fired already." "Just forget about it. The other two Group Armies aren't much batter, treating destroyers and light cruisers as consumables." "That is just the doctrine applied to others except for flagships. Order the whole fleet to enter hyperspace and jump to outskirts of Coruscant stellar system, and we'll take down it within three months."

......

"Oh well, just a bulleting with few pages," an officer said after looking at the sheets of newspaper he had taken at breakfast. "Come on, do you want to see an accident report with hundred pages and some appendices?" A gunnery officer replied, "That is not very fun, especially knowing that a war is imminent." "What war?" A crew walking past them replied with curiosity. "The drill sooner that will use superluminal thrusts?" "You know, if this is used, we will be preparing for a fight in another stellar system."

"Are you sure about that? We haven't used it for months." "That is the order," said the gunnery officer, "What I receive is about the way that we operate it."

"Good morning, captain. Nice to see you returning." Taguchi was typing something in the destroyer's DMS (Data Management System), which was similar but far more complicated than planes' Flight Management System. "Is this drill taking us to your hometown?" "Of course not. It is during wartime." The captain said it emotionlessly while inspecting the instruments. "We will only go to Alpha Centauri and conduct some drill there." "Your hometown is at war? With civilizations similar to those described by the Security Council chairman?" "Yep. Cherish the time that the invaders don't target you."

"Alright, comrades," Taguchi sat in front of the control panel with Ariel, "Fasten your seatbelt and prepare for the great acceleration." He turned to the captain and said, "I'll open the checklist, and prepare for crosscheck on your panel." "Understood."

"Inertia Compensation." "Check." "Control status." "Check." "Engine power at idle position." "Check." "Fuel." "Check..." After checking primary and scondary defense radars, superluminal thrusts, main batteries and anti-spacecraft defenses, along with those things on the long checklist that has to be checked manually, the whole Space Navy, including the satellite sweepers, destroyers and light cruisers, started the engines and began moving out of the Solar system.

"All units, fly the provided heading, and since we have exited the asteroid belt, we can prepare for the hyperspace jump immediately." "Roger." As the captain switched the radio channel, she turned to the executive officer. "Now begin the hyperspace jump checklist, and once we finish it, order all crews to enter hyperspace status." 
"Understood."

After another checklist and punching something on the DMS, the captain clicked on the execute button. "That is it. We will begin the hyperspace jump in four hours." "That's a long list that can occupy pages." "Yep, I know training for it during the past month is hard," the captain replied, "There are even more complicated systems on larger ships. Do you think those warmongers in my country will attack us?"

"If they do, they will do it when we are jumping to Alpha Centauri...oh, they do not need to consider us as a strategic threat to them..." "Well, captain," the political commissar stood by and said, "We haven't finished briefing on speed, and please pay attention to the control panel." "Come on, Mikhail," Ariel replied, "We have passed v1 already, and we can't abort the jump for sure. Just let the system do the job until v2." "The checklist is the checklist. You should've participated its design, and must do it."

"Ow come on, my dear comrade," the captain turned back with a smile, "Of course I will, after three hours into the acceleration. It's you who need to sit down at the seat and fasten the seatbelt." "Sure. We have to pay attention on radars because anything, since dust or small asteroids will cause chaos on our outer armor."

......

"V2." "V2." "There is no way turning back," said Taguchi, "We will jump into the hyperspace in less than an hour. Hyperspace. The leaks of the universe." "Be careful with the loads. Announce to all officers and crew to hold tight to their position."

After the announcement, the captain scanned the radar. "We are just getting into the range of Kuiper belt, and there shouldn't be anything that will crash onto us." "Alright," the commissar said, "Chat as you wish, since the system will execute the rest until finish."

"Then I will not stop," the captain replied, with everyone nearby smiling. "Will your enemies use a small thing, say something like a missile, to take down enemy ships far away?" "Not really, we fight by the fighters and bombers the ships carry and the main batteries after bombardment." "That's the same like a carrier battle, in most case, right?" "Partly correct. But in close quarter combat, the main batteries will play the main role. You can't use those fragile secondary batteries on carriers to fight."

"What if they just jump into your capital and attack the surface facilities?" "That is what they are doing on my country. About one third of it was taken down by their spatial forces, while at least half of the fallen ones are under ground battles, although the result is obvious--just like we can't always hope that our anti-air defenses can take down all enemy airplanes." "Aren't there any other options once they seize spatial priority?" "Just imagine the country, China, in two and half century ago, using J-8 to fight then America's F22. There is no match. They can sever the satellite networks, bombard ground facilities, then literary massacre surface forces."

"I learnt that period from accounts of my ancestors, whose relatives were serving in the south as air force ground maintenance workers and pilots," the commissar said, "It was a hard time, but after a decade, things changed very fast." "Oh. Turning back to that topic," said Ariel, "We have made use of their ion and plasma weapons to develop corresponding ground facilities, but it can only delay the attacks, with no vital change in the tide of war. They are warmongers for nearly two centuries; they survive by war, develop by war, prosper by war. That is why they reacted so great after our independence."

"So, having a communist system is not the main factor?" said the commissar, "I say it, because your ideologies sound familiar." "I think...not really. My older brother is leading the remnants of spatial forces to delay their attack, you know, and he told me that they won't stop until retaking the region."

"The first communist country's one cause of death is just continuous wars around the globe," said Taguchi, "But for such an Empire, right, Ariel?" "Yep, I can directly confirm that it is an empire, although the Security Council was implying with clear hints." "I am sure it will die in a similar manner, but much slower."

At the moment, the system played synthetic voice that indicated jump in two minutes. "Now the lights are just moving very close to our speed," said Taguchi, "How wonderful it is." "Yep. It is like travelling to years back. The universe is just the universe."

In two minutes, the three destroyer squadrons and the satellite sweepers vanished in a glimpse of light in somewhere in the Kuiper Belt.

......

On the other hand, inside the Solar system.

The summer was sort of cold in Hapsaha. Having installed devices for recovering heat and atmospheric gases, during final adjustments to the Earth orbit, with all facilities in full power, it was gaining heat and recovering normal climate. Still, after having frozen the atmosphere and losing heat for centuries, this last periods of coldness, along with the massive planetary engines, some destroyed and some still operating, was the last trace this civilization had went past during the time of our Song Dynasty to the present.

The Chairman had finished with the visit and was walking with the Chiefs of Staff, wearing the standard military uniform. In front of them was the Secretariat of the United Nations, who first came to this alien planet since its capitulation to th Solar system. At that moment, they just finished this visit, and were going to accompany with the Secretariat to the airport to send him back to the Solar system.

"So, you are using this drill to show that it is impossible for us to frontally combat the aliens that those officers in the Space Navy mentioned earlier." "Yes," the Chairman replied emotionlessly. "But you need to find some sort of backup, right?" The Chief of Staff, sitting right beside the Chairman, asked him with curiosity, "This matters as, I mean, the development of the Space Navy, is vital to the future of the Solar system." "I will discuss about it once I return to the local headquarters and launch the meeting tomorrow."

"But be careful with any further changes," said the Secretariat, "We can't use the power in the Mandate to violate the demands of the billions of the peoples. At least I wish the bloody war in the past had taught them that: you lose everything when you have no will to fight."