# No Way to Return

"By the way," the Chairman said to the Secretariat, "The Safety Board mentioned a very straight trajectory of the foreign object that one of our charter flight to Mars was hit." "You mean an intentional sabotage?" "Still undetermined as the Board ruled. Every vessel was parking in the shipyards under repair at that moment, unless it was launched by an alien ship." "Okay. Just don't get too worried about it. If there was no major damage to the fuselage, tackling with such damage in outer space would be much more easily than doing that in the atmosphere."

"And...luckily our military occupation authority can summon sufficient fighters and bombers on the ground that are still operational," the Chief of Staff replied while passing her hand through her golden hair, "But those are enough to defeat our escorting fighters. Even their internal tests showed that such anti-spacecraft firepower on the vessels cannot sustain bombardment by over one hundred bombers, thanks to their training simulators and radar identification techniques."

"Those officers and crews voyaging right outside are going to be scary when the escort carriers found in their underground shipyards appeared and launched those elite bombers. Luckily, it is us to find those ships still worthy for combat; who knows what can happen after those radicals find them." "But at least things are getting moderate now, much better than the time in January and February," the Chief of Staff replied, "And how are you going to assign those vessels? How to arrange those destroyer squadrons into prototype carrier formations? These are good questions to pour to Amy and other Chiefs of Staff, including me."

......

"...No navigational waypoints available, and only displays of our fleets on the primary and secondary radars," said Taguchi. "Dayou, report your position," the captain looked at the holographic config and said. "I just stepped into the central hangar with one third of the whole Damage Control Party, with another one third in the front, the other in the rear."

"Speed to one fourth," a voice said in the bridge. That was the transmission from the flagship. "Roger. Maintaining relative position." The captain replied calmly and turned to Taguchi, "Call the air officer to summon the 1st Fighter Squadron and the gunship for air cover."

"Okay," said Eroshenko, "Fire control initiated." "Man battle stations," said the captain, "Repeat, man battle station."

Within seconds, the primary radar facility began to produce warning chimes as red points were appearing at the edge of radar surveillance. "Anti-spacecraft firepower ready!" Immediately the captain shouted. "Hold the heading and speed to half!"

The destroyers were immediately accelerating up to half full-speed, near the economic cruising speed of their leading light cruisers. Just after one minute, the coordinate information of the "enemy" fighters and bombers was displayed on the radar screen, indicating that they had entered secondary radar detection range. "How are they moving so fast?" Eroshenko said in a surprising voice, "They just entered secondary radar range in just three minutes!" "Keep calm," the captain replied, "Left standard rudder!" As the warships were busy turning their position, Tim and other pilots spared no chance--they were piloting the RBH 3 bombers, the newest and the most advanced plane according to type ratings from the present day. Their properties were about to bring up great "trouble" in this drill.

"Flagship incapacitated in the engines." This synthetic voice rang in the bridge of stellar destroyer. "Where is our fighter squadron?" The air officer asked with a bit of anger. "I have no idea," the captain held tight to the control platform and replied, "Our limited capacity cannot change the tide. I bet that we are lost." "Troubles are not over," said Dayou in the communication channel, "Port side just suffered from a near miss!"

By indications of the drill simulators, the destroyer, despite dodging hard and firing out all main batteries, sustained a near miss at No.2 main battery, a damage not serious in space but probably detrimental for warships in surface ocean. "Right full rudder! Full power!" The captain shouted, "We need to retreat to advantageous terrain!" "We can't target those bombers flying above the formation!" Eroshenko said in a desperate tone, "They fly so fast that our radars can only sketch their positions!"

On the other side of the formation, Anya's destroyer was much worse: facing the direction of "enemy" bombers at the closest position, her ship sustained one hit that incapacitated much of her frontal anti-spacecraft turrets. "Full power!" She desperately shouted, as the hit had crippled enough anti-spacecraft firepower. The warning chimes from the radar systems, ship config system, and other vital systems were echoing in the hangar. "I will rather pilot a plane with pitot-static system blocked," she said.

"We can't establish contact with the crippled flagship," a ping jockey said, "At least they have been off radar for five minutes." "What?" The air officer said, "Two minutes ago the fighter squadron reported it to be safe." "Left Standard Rudder!" The captain shouted, "And resume evasive movement to the flagship's last known position." "Yes, captain," the executive officer said. Just ten seconds later, a signal sent to the destroyer: drill complete, regroup.

"They are striking fast from space above, even with the presence of all Early Warning Gunships on the cruisers to provide their coordinates, as well as our fighters to intercept them." On the way return, the gunnery officer said with slight fear. "The radars were basically malfunctioning during the sudden attack, showing positions but doing no help to lock the attacking bombers." "Not to mention that our fighters could loosely catch up with them," the air officer complained, "They are flying close to cruise speed of a historic 707, while ours are flying at that of MD-11 cruise speed, even slower."

"This is jus not enough to combat any possible enemies with stronger strength and technology," a crew in the bridge complained, "Too overwhelmed!" Soon voices followed up to express the same thing. "Calm down, comrades," said Anya, "We should believe that we will eventually come up with a way to win them." "You mean being shattered after the aliens destroy all vessled?" The executive officer said. "Well, I don't know," Anya replied, "But since humans can survive from multiple global wars, including one nuclear war, and can still prosper, I am sure that we can survive by any means."

......

"V2." "V2." "What are you going to report to the Security Council, captain?" asked the political commissar, "Expanding the scale of the whole fleet?" "I may have to look at the war back in my country," replied the captain as her eyes were on the panel, "Because, to be honest, we will be facing them in the future, whether you still maintain this independent status or join our country, though this thing is clearly not the matter I should be considering." "You mean joining your...stellar country?" asked Dayou. "That is perhaps the manner of the former USSR, at least in my country, but...you know, a strong controlling power has to exist."

"Then...you mean is it really hard to get out of it?" "This happens in other stellar countries," said the captain, "And when mine got independent, dozen ones broke away from the original colonial territory held by the Empire, similar to the Indochina countries hundreds of years ago. But facing the Empire's invasion, we stick together again. Now the war has been going on for three months."

"Three months??" The officers nearby were all surprised, "How can your country resist a strong Empire you described for three months?" "I don't know," said the captain, "I had been isolated for years on the sunken ship, but what I could only remember clearly that their vessels are historic." "Like the Russian Navy in the past?" Eroshenko looked at the captain. "Well, definitely much better in scale, but not so better in quality."

"So you can import vessels from countries willing to support you?" "They might be doing so, but I am not certain of it. By the way, where the heck are those bombers from?" "The flagship just reported...emm...'be revealed at base'."

"It must be vessels sufficient to carry such scale of fighters and bombers, and transport them simultaneously as we had arrived," the captain said and then asked one officer she was familiar with, "What do you think of this?"

"Do you mean something like the aircraft carriers of the surface forces?" The officer said. The captain thought for a moment, and she replied: "Maybe, but I am not sure. They will be very fragile once facing large scales of bombers." "The battleships won't be much better, if you really have to compare," said the officer. "Inside those vessels are only..." "Stop it for a while," said the commissar, "The jump is about to start."

......

"You see the map, marshal," an admiral pointed at the holographic screen showing various points, "We have secured the southeastern borders to the colonies...and part of the northeastern border cities. That is approximately 20% of the insurgents' controlled territory...however...those insurgents are getting many more bombers and incorporating them into their surface forces. Our recent casualties in the Space Navy were all caused by their bombings rather than vessel engagement."

"The Emperor is indeed...very precise on what are we doing," a vice-admiral standing opposite to him said, "But there are signs of rebellion within our navy. We have caught and executed a bunch of frontline officers possibly aligned with the Liberation Party. And that is the order from the Emperor himself, not my sole decision." "You sure? We have taken approximately one fifth of our active fleet vessels and one sixth of total surface forces just for this small country, and the consequential panic is not an easy matter."

"But Marshal," another admiral said, "We have to follow what the Emperor's instructions. He is the supreme command of all marshals like you, who fought in the Second Galactic War and won such honor just while exploiting here." "Cut off the topic," the marshal stared at the admiral, "Your Sixth Group Army is right now seizing Coruscant with no success of breaching their ground defenses, and where do you have the courage to doubt the decision? We are those to execute the orders for the Emperor without doubt, regardless of the orders!"

"Then why don't you argue that the plan of taking down the stellar system with only one maximum battleship formation?" The admiral argued, "Do you realize how strong their surface forces are despite the fact that they have only two available battleship formations?" "I have suggested the Emperor to take out about two fifths of the total available vessels, but he rejected; then I came up with a Spec Op plan, he also rejected. Then here it is!"

All other admirals were silent under this unusually serious tone. The other marshal watching the screen said: "Our next moves should be focusing on the bordering regions of their Northern and Eastern Provinces, in wich we can directly deploy auxillary fleets for ground engagements and naval combat. The ground combats in Mendoza will not end for the time being, and we need victory to bring trust to the people. Or else, those state governors of our republics are about to revolt us. I am very sure that the Emperor will be satisfied with the process."

"That monarch is just waging nationalism at the cost of degrading relationships with Afriko and Britanica, which were hard to maintain especially after the long reign of Fyodor I. He is just isolating us from the rest of this vast universe!" The vice-admiral said, "My father, a surface force marshal that fought in the two Galactic Wars, did not consider the Emperor positively." "But he is that monarch we have to defend for, which is vital to foundation of the country," the marshal replied in a much easier tone, "This is the thing you will never understand."

"I will order you to continue the siege of Coruscant," the marshal the turned to previous admiral, "And...order the second and third fleets of the Third Group Army and main fleets under the Eighth Group Army to breach through the line..." He clicked on the virtual keyboard and generated a line, pointing to the interior of the yellow territory. "What we do will force us into it, till victory or defeat..." He murmured while other generals saluted to him.