# Period 1 

# A Real-time Film of War of Deads

**Preface**

When I stood in front of the white marble monument established outside United Nations Headquarters, I would remember that sunny afternoon, when some classmates took me to see the film *War of Deads*. The city at that time was filled with buildings standing in grand order, cars moving on lanes and planes flying in the sky, people smiling at each other and talking about scientific discoveries, for instance, exploitation of methane on Saturn's satellites.

Eventually in the present, people often call it "Internal World War", trying to avoid recalling either the distant turmoil, or the horrific zombies. I do not like this name personally; since, describing it as another world war was somehow inaccurate, as humans hadn't turned against each other. While figuring out how to describe the whole event, I decided to present it as a film in the title----something that could record fiction or nonfiction to reflect what had happened during a time period; however, after finish watching a film, audience could feel that events in the movie may have happened, or haven't happened at all. A good film could at least educate people about something, although what was shown in the education may be bloody and horrific.

Although it was not the last "war" that had thrown us into "the pandemonium of space", it still claimed massive number of lives eventually seeing from present day. The reason for me to start writing out the whole thing is to record what had happened during an everlasting turmoil that had inflicted on us in an unprecedented extent in human history. Bringing past passports and confirmation of identities, as well as meeting records, I met with veterans, surviving people, and living government officers, to request them to permit me writing the whole event in somehow subjective manner. Of course, purely copying history was unreasonable, though I will not distort the truth. I finally decided to write in a fiction that bases on the events that many people, including me, had experienced, to record and more importantly, remind people of what we as humans with other suppressed aliens have overcome all the way.

Some people argue that censorship will stop me from revealing this bloodshed that was no less painful than that in the past. Well, if that had been true, why could you have seen this on the Internet now? When the spokesperson of Ministry of Foreign Affairs of my nation was responding to a reporter, she pointed out that "as humans, what can we do to preserve peace and minimize unnecessary losses of lives? What can we do when we have to fight against enemies in a condition of near impossibility to win?" Living under a safe nation and a stabilized civilization, people should not forget the past pain as victory prevails. On the contrary, it is also not always good to throw out hindsight to judge the past. People should not "forget the pain after a good wound", as our distant ancestors often complained. The blood of brave heroes in the past must not be shed in vain. Recording the past in which lives of many humans had lost is definitely painful for me, and seeing the terrific past is also painful for people who survived. At least for descendants of us, they are wiser to prevent the same thing from happening again and preserve this hard-earned peace.