# Period 4

*Shadow On the Sun*

Since the Pansus Empire announced a partial mobilization in February 2141, it had become apparent to every interstellar country that the already ongoing Conflict in the Greater Coruscant region was about to intensify in the following months. Miraculously, the Coruscantians, although their only three battleship battle groups and additional Galactic Brigade Space Navy forces sustained significant losses in escorting warships, the combined forces were able to withstand the attacks for a year. Using advanced space warship technologies provided by foreign states, Coruscant Space Navy successfully defended the capital and vital stellar systems in the Eastern Province and Mendoza.

However, the partial mobilization of the empire would mean a serious challenge for the prevailing combined forces. The republic was on the edge of perishment, as the capital would possibly be the priority goal for colonists to take over. The increased scale of colonist and imperial forces would pose a serious challenge for combined forces to hold out newly designated wartime capitals, Hepurit and Tebry, as stationary forces were more capable of fighting against "insurgents".

Options for peace negotiation were futile. For what the Coruscantians describe as an "Interstellar War Machine", capturing the Coruscant stellar system was not the ultimate end--the Organization of Independent Stellar System, or the OISS, a coalition of autonomous stellar systems protected by the Coruscant Republic, would soon fall to the next and last victim of imperial offensives. The Solar system, previously autonomous from any interstellar organizations or countries, joined the OISS in January 2141, bringing in several destroyers flotillas, and escort carriers for the OISS, which desperately needed forces to stand off the imperial forces.

As the OISS would be attacked, considering that the Solar system had been attacked by imperial forces prior, the subsequent trigger of mutual defense articles enabled the Coruscant Republic to incorporate other armed forces into a unified command structure. Still, without sufficient warships, the combined forces could not defend much longer.    The time for preparation was only months, too short for launching newly constructed warships into service.

Would the Galactic Brigade provide more warships for support? How would other interstellar countries take further action? Would the Solar system be able to withstand the attacks?    Could the combined forces be able to strike back? Answers to these questions would emerge from the dark space in the following months.    But before any definite answers could come, changes would magnify the uncertain nature of the ongoing conflict.    For individuals involved in the lasting conflict, those changes would significantly affect their lives in the future.