# Operation Injection (2)

"They still do not want to talk with us?" asked the man, "We get you here, and then those low-life scums even do not try to talk with you." "It is always a fun thing to see them resisting an irrevocable fate," the alien said, "I can see that they are gathering nearly all of their surface forces to take down a single ship. But this pretty outdated warship does not have secondary batteries that can fire downward."

"Should we gather our forces on Mars or on the Moon?" asked an Indonesian general. "We have gathered nearly all we can gather near the Mediterranean Sea." "They are our last hope of defense after we fail. Keeping people is sometimes more important than maintaing territories we control." "Chairman, when should we evacuate our people if we fail to kick them out?" an officer asked. "We must finish off them first. Many people who had been transformed into monsters haven't been cured or relieved." "But when do we really need to evacuate?" "People can evacuate if they wish; we cannot. If we openly declare an evacuation, there is no difference from surrendering to enemies."

"Remember the commands?" Jason nodded after finishing a round of shooting with his new rifle. "Alright, comrades, we will practice again! Make sure there is no problem with your equipments! This is a matter of life or death!" Danny said after inspecting the shooting practice.

"Report from the Space Force. They have found something like laser weapons and missiles on the alien ship." The intelligencer sent the message on the open screen where all of us could see very clearly. "What are they?" "They must be something like defensive weapons that our ships contain, but they must be much more destructive than ours," replied an intelligencer, "What else?" "They also have structures similar to our main batteries on the warships," another message appeared. "When the headquarters will issue a negotiation or an attack?" "No idea."

"Well, if we attack, there is possibility send helicopters to get our troops inside the ship and sink it from the inside if it maintains the current height," a general said while looking at the holographic map. "But if it escapes into space?" A navy vice admiral asked, "If it vanishes into the space before we can reach it?" "We have solutions inside the ship," the chairman replied. "Who? What?"

......

"Leader, someone in the engine room denotated the engines!" A lady who was very young ran to the platform and said in panic, "Two crews placed some explosives on the superluminal engine and killed themselves by the explosion." "Ah shit!" the man spitted on the ground and turned to her. "Do our cameras find anything?" asked the alien, "I should not have set the alert level to level 4, shit. The cameras have been obliterated for sure."

"Warning! Fire reported in 2nd and 3rd Engine Rooms! Repeat..." "Who can cause the explosions," an alien officer said, "Those from the planet?" "You can't always blame all mistakes on us," the man in suit replied, "We have pledged loyalty to you." "No one can get well-trusted by a single pledge," another alien officer said in an angry tone and walked to one meter from the man, "can't they?" "Alright, calm down," the leading alien said, "Have those 'humans' done anything?"

Suddenly the ship shook one more time. "The 39th and 40th anti-spacecraft turret maganizes have exploded!" An officer ran to him and said in great panic. "What the heck?" The alien was full of surprise. "Really? By you?" "I swear I never allow my men to do so!" The man stood firmly. "Those beings launch bombers just above us, and their space planes have disappeared." "Do they really want to TALK with us? Why there are so many explosions just four days after our arrival?"

"Our agents sacrificed themselves to denotate the ship from inside, just two minutes ago," an officer ran in and said. The chairman waited for two seconds and said: "Order to start Operation Injection. Now!"

"Are they..." "Several hostile targets detected, two thousand meters above." Suddenly the ship shook again, and only natural light was present in the platform. "Who the tell suggested to put the secondary electricity supplier and override control in the engine room!" "Let me go and check it," the lady said. "Be prepared to deal with enemies!" As she disppeared after making a turn, the man said: "Why even our radar lost effectiveness!" "All units, man battle station! We are under attack!" The alien shouted in fury in the internal channel, "Fire at your will, at once!"

Several bombersflew above in the blue sky. The ship below was like a battleship dead and burning in the ocean. Seven large bombs flew out and started fall in large speed.

"Order to reactivate the shields at once! Accelerate the speed at once!" The alien shouted, "Get ready for those invaders!"

......

"Looks like five bombs are falling at the wrong direction!" said Tim. "We have a way to shut it off," a pilot replied. "Thank you for your..." Just at the moment, two bombs exploded thousands of meters above the sky, with two mushroom clouds rising into the blue sky. "Those are hydrogen bombs!" A pilot driving a Space Force fighter said in surprise, "We really used this big boy!" "Alright, all units," Tim said in the squadron channel, "It is our time to show our mettle and defend our planet! Charge!"

The hundred planes flew in squadron positions in the sky. "About one hundred and twenty enemy aircrafts are approaching!" An officer in the platform. "Shoot them down! They definitely do not have shield generators!" Tim held his fighter at balance, and immediately, the large formidable ship appeared in the squadron's sight. Suddenly there were explosions ahead of their route. "Flak firepower is present, beware! Destroy them as many as we can!"

He pushed the lever to full speed, and swiftly as usual, he avoided two missiles that flew past the wings. However, one fighter behind him was smashed into pieces by a laser beam that penetrated the fighter. "Six thousand meters, five thousand meters," as he read the number, he clicked on the screen and saw three buttons. "Three thousand!" He immediately pushed a button and pulled his fighter leftward from three laser beams that was about to approach him.

Four missiles flew out, charging forward towards port side of the ship. Then they exploded around a main battery, but nothing was seen.

"Squadron 2 has lost six fighters! Repeat!" "Take down as many defenses as we could!" Tim replied, "I don't care how, this is very important for reducing casualties for others!"