# Legacy

On June 6, 2239, our soldiers were finally able to reach Sudanese Port, where all visible artificial structures had been smashed into debris by the lethal detonation by the ship. A tsunami was subsequently triggered by the strong force created by the explosion. As our ships began to sail from their positions, I heard some crews talking about a tremendously large noise and a visible mushroom cloud covered by thick layers of cloud.

"A total of approximately seventy-five thousand crews were killed by our soldiers that had successfully infiltrated the ship, or the explosion, or firepower from aircrafts, while the surface forces lost one thousand soldiers and air crew in combat against enemies within the area; on the other hand, the Space Navy lost a total of thirty-eight fighters with sixty-nine crews..." The chairman said in an emotionless tone in the press conference, "Although the cure was found out luckily from the wreck, it will take time for our victims of that virus to resume their normal life. More than two hundred million people, in a conservative estimate, have been killed in the whole crisis. Let's stand up to mourn for tremendous tragic losses of life..."

As we finally returned to New York after another exhausting voyage on the Atlantic Ocean, a ceremony was held two days after the conclusive speech.

......

"You get the medal?" I asked Jason. "Yeah. Purely by luck. If we had been stuck on that ship, I would have been ashes," he replied, "You intelligencers are also awarded as a group together." "What about your squad leader?" "He also gets one, as well as some other agents hiding in the ship that survived also got the medals."

Five days later, the International Court arrested surviving enemy officers from the ship as well as Ken, but it would be a very long story to find how atrocious their crimes were and whether a death sentence could give them redemption.

"An unidentified flying object?" An intelligencer said in surprise as he was listening to something. "Man, that's serious," he replied. After taking down the earphones, he turned to me and said: "Report to the Security Council that an unidentified object is flying towards the Solar System."

"They are coming again?" asked the chairman. "Our satellites orbiting around Pluto and Neptune found a plane-like object flying straight into our stellar system," a rear admiral said. "Get the contact to the Space Force." "Tim, this is the chairman," he immediately began speaking after communication started, "How many planes are left? I see. Intelligence shows that an unidentified object is flying towards the Solar system, and I hope you to summon two squadrons to confirm it. Ah, I know many squadrons are incomplete, but this is utmost important. Yes. Thank you."

"We are going outside Earth again?" asked a pilot. "To intercept something flying directly towards Earth," replied Tim. "For God's sake, what if it turns out to be another enemy ship?" "We still need to fight over it," the squadron leader replied. "Alright guys, open all sort of firepower to prepare any unprecedented event!" Tim said after stabilizing his fighter to fly past a relay satellite from hundreds of meters away.

"Here it is," said Tim, "My radars are ringing." "Sir! An unknown enemy spacecraft painted in white is moving fast to us." "All units enter squadron positions! Maintain sufficient distance from the unknown spacecraft!" Tim immediately responded. Then he opened another communication channel and said: "The unidentified spacecraft, please report your identity. Or else, by permission of the Security Council, we will open fire! Repeat, report your identity, or we will be permitted to open fire!"

"The squadrons are coming close to the UFO," the Chief of Staff said to the chairman, who was accompanied by several representatives from Member States, "should we open fire towards it?" "Wait for their confirmation and ask our intelligencers to keep tuned for possible info."

"What is the language that those beings inside are speaking in?" a pilot asked. "There is basically nothing that I can understand," another pilot said. "The spacecraft, please clearly state your identity, or else, we will open fire." Tim stressed in a heavier tone. However, the same voice appeared.

"The pilots can't understand what the ship is delivering," the chairman said to a vice admiral, "Tell them to hold fire and do not fire first." He then turned to the Chief of Staff, "Is there any update from intelligencers?" "They are still trying to decode what those aliens are talking about."

"...Yes. This is Tim Nordberg. What? Escort them to New York? Ah, I see."

......

It was another long story as we as humans encountered real aliens for the first time and talked with them. We also heard about the story of our Chief of Staff joining Operation Injection and negotiating with those aliens from a brand-new planet that had experienced series of similar chaos and was now sailing towards our Solar system. People had experienced seeing a very impossible plot in a sci-fi novel to become true, but no one had experienced such a plot to become true.

Those aliens from a planet named Hapsaha were, as they told, "forced by some countries behind to launch the attack". In compensation, they allowed us to fully control what they had called as "Space Navy", while their surface forces were under their own control. Of course, without dozens of hydrogen bombs that had explosive yields times of the historical Tzar H-Bomb, it was not an easy job to control them well.

......

"I heard that the Empire reported a 'minor loss' in a military expedition near our western border."

"I have seen that," an alien said. "Making use of Low-intensity Occupation?" "Possibly. Should we contact the system?" "We may wait. Don't you remember that we once left embassadors in Hapsaha to assist their evacuation from their stellar system. Now it is arriving a new stellar system." "It should be here," an officer opened a paper map and pointed at somewhere. "I see. It must correspond to the location."