# Haunted Night

"The NBC said that there are riots ongoing in all provinces!" The classmates beside me said in great surprise as he looked at the phone. "What? Why they dare to riot now?" I replied with great disbelief. "Wait...No, no, no." His eyes nearly popped out as he countinued watching. "Zombies??" "What zombies?" I opened my phone after putting away the shotgun, and a large line of Chinese words appeared.

**驻全球多地维和部队军人报告可疑“丧尸”存在**

"What the heck?" I suddenly felt my chest emptied and compressed hard. "Why there are zombies?" "I do not know," the classmate said, "All those laboratories have been strictly guarded by Armed Police." "Hope not. We will be safe after entering the embassy, Jason. Our military will guard as." "Just don't get them eat us."

I held the shotgun tight, while Jason found a police shield just inside the cargo and got the pipe in his right hand. I reloaded this small gun and held the barrel, looking the dark houses illuminated by pale lamps beside the road. The GPS showed that we were getting close to a toll station to the provincial express way. Intermittent noise of gunfire and explosions meshed perfectly with the crying wind as the small truck rushed on the road, and suddenly many burning objects flew across the sky, lighting up the clouds.

"Missiles? Is it so serious?" Jason was even more surprised. As the truck stopped, the characters for "toll station" appeared in my sight. "What should we do?" The Indonesian asked after turning his head to us. "Zombies are every..." Without allowing me to finish, a cry appeared somewhere very close. Under the strong lights in the tool station, some light green creatures walked out slowly from piles of stone placed outside the road. I felt my heart bumping out of my chest as my eyes glanced at those "reanimated mindless dead bodies", and as I nearly fainted by overwhelming terror, my right hand suddenly pressed on the trigger. Two barrels of shrapnel flew out in a fast speed, one blasting off one zombie's head, the other exploded into flames, burning a zombie nearby.

"Explosive shells?" Without realizing what I had shot out, those corpses were running to us after triggered by the noise of such a gunfire. "Drive away!" Jason shouted. The truck broke through the entrance, and we were nearly thrown out of the cargo.

Only after those monsters had completely disappeared in darkness did the truck slowed down on the empty expressway. "Where are we going?" asked Jason. "Heading for the Chinese Embassy in New York City," replied the Indonesian. "Are there any blockades on the road?" "There are none on the satellite map," replied the Maine classmate, "But we have to stop in the last county for refueling." "Ah, shit," Jason complained, "I forgot to refuel it three days ago."

The truck speeded up after relocating the route. All the way, there were abandoned vehicles, some of them burning with scattered stuff. Fearing of being caught up by zombies, we even did not stop when there were exits on the express way.

The electronic signs told us that we had gone past Scranton. All of us did not send a message on the way, or stop on the emergency lane for making a phone call.

Suddenly, as another electric sign appeared in my sight. I stared to see the English word "Porter" appeared like a flashing word on an advertisement.

As the truck moved through an empty toll station, a rough shape of a town with smoke rising and fire buring appeared in the black canopy. Driving all the way on the route, there were more abandoned vehicles, and some burning bodies were also seen. I held my shotgun tight, hoping not to see reanimated corpses again. Suddenly, the truck stopped near a deep green burning truck.

The two classmates jumped out of the truck and looked at it. "Watch out for the enemies," Jason said, "Hey, let me search something from it." "Alright," replied the Indonesian, "I will see how far we are from the gas station."

I held the shotgun tight, trying to see what was hidden outside the route. The wind started to blow after they took out a book, a memory pad, and two assault rifles. Inside the driving cabin, two bodies had been burnt to charcoal. "Get it, Susilo," Jason handed the gun to the Indonesian inside the truck through the window. "Don't accidentally discharge it." "I won't." Then, they put what they found into the cargo. "Keep it save, man." "Of course, any time you wish." I replied. Jason again jumped onto the cargo with the gun.

The truck continued to move on the route fast, and as we moved into the county, burning houses, fallen lamps, dead bodies, vehicles were all along the way. It had been ravaged into a haunted waste. As the truck stopped in front of the empty gas station where no one was left. The lights were still on. The Indonesian jumped out of the truck and connected the truck with the gas supplier by the pipe. Clicking on the screen, the refueling immediately started.

However, howls appeared just hundred meters from the truck. All of us held the guns tight outside the truck, and suddenly, some greeny corpses, wearing clothes that represented different people, appeared in the crossroad. I tried to aim them with the scope on the shotgun while repressing fear. Jason checked the silencers on the rifles with the Maine girl, and he looked at the back, she aiming the front. Luckily, those zombies were moving very slow on the road without turning to us.

"Have we finished?" whispered Jason as he continued to aim those walking monsters. "I will stop after we fuel enough to lead us to New York," he replied in a low voice. "Wait...," I looked at my phone and a new piece of news appeared:

**迫于僵尸对纽约市大规模攻击 多国领馆宣布提前撤离**

"Our embassy in New York has evacuated to Washington," I whispered, "We must go there for support!" "Alright," the Indonesian said, "The gas tank is full enough." 