# Disaster All the Way

"Where are you taking us?" Jason asked, "To seal any leaking information?" "No, no," the man said, "Anywhere beside sky is not one hundred per cent safe, I promise. I am taking you to Columbus City in Ohio, where PLA is assisting the National Defense Army to evacuate foreigners in local airports. Then you will be safe in China." "I see," replied Jason.

As the others were talking about how our lives would be with the soldier, I looked at a city below from the window. Smokes were rising basically everywhere, and there was bright light of fire. It was impossible to think about what was happening down, but the scene was definitely like an inferno. Maybe Peacekeeping Soldiers were down in the city, rescuing any possible survivors; it was clear that I could not tell whether they were there.

I looked back into the cabin, and the talking still did not end. The soldier asked about what we had encountered on our way. I immediately replied: "Some zombies, a huge monster and two werewolves." "That's only a small number of monsters. We just used missiles to clear up dozens of them." "Oh, we picked up something about the monsters from a truck. I am hesitating that whether I should hand it over here."

"Where did you get it?" asked the captain of the squadron. "From a truck on our way to refuel our truck near Porter." I put the book near the door to the driving cabin and poked Jason, who had kept the memory pad. "Those parts about monsters remainded, while many other pages have been removed." "Let me see," he replied. Jason got the pad out and also gave it to the captain.

"It seems that it is not a document from the United Nations or any government. Where did you get from?" His eyes suddenly became sharp after reading some pages. "I said we got it from a truck from a road in Porter District, will you believe it?" "I haven't doubted anything," replied the captain. "But this does not come from any document that you often see." All of us gasped after hearing the last sentence.

Suddenly, an alarm rang in the cabin. "Make sure your seat belts fastened!" The captain said, "Our helicpoter is under attack!" Just then, the helicopter leant forward, and I saw some decoy missiles flying out through the medium-sized windows. I could feel an overwhelmingly strong force pushing on my back as the plane leant forward. Then, it made a great turn towards the left after turning right for some seconds.

"Tell The headquarters, we are under attack!" The captain said in great voice into the intercom, "Don't get our plane destroyed!" "Acknowledged!" Sirens inside the plane were still ringing, and there were missiles flying past the helicpoter. All of us remained silent, sitting on the chairs inside the cabin with those soldiers.

Suddenly, indistinct lights were appearing on the dark ground. "We are arriving Columbus City Airport," said the captain. With an abrupt stop, the helicpoter moved down straight, and the door of the cabin was open.

"Get off!" The captain said after unfastening his seat belt. All of us followed and jumped out. The airport on a cold spring night was very empty that only some airfreighters and attack fighters beside runways or in aprons. As I took a glance behind, several missiles rushed into the sky, and small noise of their explosions could be heard.

Nearby an IFV was already waiting beside the apron. The door was open. We jumped into the cabin first, then the soldiers followed and closed the door. "The IFV will take us to the Peacekeeping Force base near the suburban areas," said the captain, "The airport is not safe. It had been under attack."

"Under what attack?" Jason was surprised, "Is it a conspiracy against us?" "My senior officers are still finding it out," the captain replied, "Because one thing that I may not be appropriate to tell you is happening. Nearly all missile or nuclear arsenal systems are paralyzed."

Nearly everyone's jaws dropped after hearing the sentence. "The chairman of Security Council has revealed the bad prospect. At least major defense systems are again under our control." As we moved on the road, there were ruins of houses buring, wrecks of vehicles beside, and dead bodies burnt or left there. Some soldiers were standing on posts near crossroads, and above us, one helicopter was flying towards a city with many tall buildings, but shadowed with smoke and thick fumes. Even the outpost of Peacekeeping Forces were not completely safe.

As the vehicle stopped, someone outside opened the door. It was another Peacekeeping Force soldier. We were in the outpost of Peacekeeping Forces close to urban areas in Columbus City. Once ravaged by warfare about a century ago, the city was now perhaps one of the last standing ones facing monstrous enemies.  