# A Timed Bomb

All of us walked into the base, and the vehicle moved onto the road. Two soldiers guarding at the gate opened it after clicking the small screen. Without waiting for more than a second, we ran into the base and waited for our room to rest.

......

"One of our trucks had been raided. Luckily all those samples have been eliminated before those damned young guys discovered it." "I see," a man in a suit showed no emotion. "Order several bombers to destroy the base. With no survivor." "We are under radio silence," a creature that looked entirely different from the man said in a strange voice, "Wait until we exit the atmosphere and stay in dayside. Or else, those low-life scums will find us easily."

......

After a very full sleep for approximately seven hours, someone knocked on the door of the dorm. A soldier came in and woke us up.

The Arabian soldier walked away, and we decided to clean ourselves before moving around the base. After having a comfortable bath, we finally had a chance to see the PKF base located just some tens of kilometers from regions ransacked by disaster.

People walking along the roads, while some IFVs and tanks were parking near crossroads or buildings. Some soldiers were building barriers near the entrance with workers. I decided to get something to eat to ameliorate my feelings after experiencing great horror. I got a confirmation for staying here in an office just tens of meters away from the dormitory for refugees and civilians. Since the airport had been damaged by attack, there had been no evacuation operation here, but hundred soldiers had entered the base. 

Although the globe hadn't collapsed after the catastrophe, currency nearly lost its value, but not completely. I brought some food by about one hundred State Credit, the currency in the country. At least, I would not die from starvation in the next three days. After buying the food, I saw civilians receiving training with gun shooting near the headquarters of the base.

"Hey man," a soldier patted my back and said, "The chairman wants to meet you and your fellows." "Me? And they?" I asked in surprise. "Yes." I could feel his strong Hebrew accent after he said: "Come to the headquarters fast. We won't spend much time."

Without hesitation, I contacted them on my phone. Minutes later, we sat on an IFV with five soldiers sitting among us. Then, we entered the ordinary building with a flagpole on its roof and a sign above the gate, with words of "United Nations Outpost in Eastern United States". Seeing from outside, it was just like an ordinary dormitory building washed by ashes at war.

After arriving at the third floor, three soldiers went downstairs by the elevator, while the remaining two took us to a room with a large door. Beside it was a small holographic displayer, show words of "United Nations Security Council" in Chinese and English. Below was a sentence:

A soldier came near to the displayer and said something sounded in Arabian, and some seconds later, a voice with no emotion said: "You can come in."

The door was opened by two PKF soldiers inside. Then, the flags of Five Permanent Powers and ten other nonpermanent members were in our vision, covered by bright sunlight from the large French window with silk curtains. In front of the large window was a large round table, beside which were forty-five chairs sat by heads of the military staff committees of each Member State and two generals from each of them. Very different from other representatives, the chairman, I should say, wore a sky blue military uniform sat in my country's seat. There were tens of other members sitting in front of computers in the large room. A large screen was on the west wall.

The chairman said something to a nearby female military officer carrying a rank of rear admiral, and as he stood up and said something like "...meeting those witnesses" in Chinese. There was small applause and the woman stood up and started said something.

"Our country is still in order, in spite facing a threat of zombie horde attack from borders..." As she began to speak in Chinese, the man walked to us and said: "I am the chairman. Walk to the platform and then we talk."

The man standing in front of us is the Security Council Chairman Wang Jun, representing my country in the Security Council. The Security Council was under his leadership then.

Suddenly, an alarm rang in the conference room. "It's the air raid alarm!" Someone in the conference room shouted. "What the hell with an air raid target a PKF base?" I heard an officer complaining. Then, a soldier shouted: "Comrades, evacuate now! Three enemy aircrafts approaching!" In great surprise, we exited the room with those high-ranking officers who would only be present on TV. Just then, as the last soldier closed the door and ran to the corridor, something in fast speed hit the room and exploded. The door was torn apart and thrown onto the corridor wall. "Run to the basement!" A soldier shouted. Great noise of wall collapsing were echoing in the corridor.

I had a glance outside as we were going downstairs at an emergency exit near a corner with window. Two flying objects that just were comepletely different from our planes were flying above.

......