# Lifting an Iceberg from the Sea

"Article 117 emergency plan has been activated," said an officer on the other side of the intercom. "You did great job. We must shoot down the invaders, any of them!" "Yes, chairman," another officer on the other side replied.

Vibration brought by explosions and collapse of buildings was shaking the bunker just under the headquarters. The chairman said to another intercom: "The Security Council decides to launch out the Space Force immediately to repel those enemies. Send out on squadron from Detroit. Over." "Arizona has fallen," I heard one voice from a general with Mexican accent. Our navy rear admiral was talking something with the Chief of American Military Staff Committee. Other generals were working near computers inside the main basement room.

The chairman walked to us and said: "Sorry for placing you in danger. Now we begin to talk." All of us said nothing but nodded. "You found the intelligence in Porter County, right?" "Yes," replied Jason, "We just decided to look for something to eat and weapons to defend ourselves." "We are going to decipher what is inside," the chairman replied, "And are you willing to get recruited as militia?" "Of course!" Jason replied just one second after the chairman finished his sentence. "What about other young men?" "I have no reason for rejecting it," I replied. The others nodded and said "Yes."

"Alright. After finishing up examinations, you will be sent to corresponding departments. We won't underestimate what you can make."

......

"Where is the other pilot?" "I do not know," a man getting out something like a bomber replied, "We lost his contact." "Tell our leader immediately about the loss."

"You say that one bomber is shot down by them?" "Yes." "Launch an attack to get the wreck back! Now!" "What attack?" "Of course zombies and other monsters. We should not appear anytime."

......

"It isn't quite heavy, right?" The Indonesian asked Jason about the sniper rifle he got on his back. "Not really, but it is a bit hard to use such a laser weapon." "Just give me accurate positions of enemies, so I can bombard them accurately." "Well, why do not use locators that will be given by your senior soldiers?" A soldier nearby said. "Look, our company commander is coming."

"Morning, recruits," he took of the sky blue beret and saluted to them. They hesitated for a second after seeing their senior, and immediately realized what had happened. They saluted to the man with a fine figure and a handlebar in standard combat suit that they also wore. "Jason, have your drones found anything?" "No, sir," he replied after looking at the remote control, "They should trigger the alarm if there are any." "Keep on searching," he replied, "It is very hard to fight without all those missiles. Get ready." "Yes, sir."

Due to my inherent bad luck in my eyes, I could not fight on the frontlines, but was still permitted to work as civilian staff. Luckily, bearing a brain with great memorize personally (which some interviewer remarked) allowed me to deal with intelligence, something that not everyone was able to see easily.

"Hey man," someone in the room said, "Our satellite found something." "I see." I opened the screen and felt surprised to see the staggering density of monsters arriving from an abandoned road towards the city. "Report to the troops and let them get ready!" I said with a shaking tone. "Acknowledged."

"How many people are dead?" asked the chairman as some officers arrived the basement. "Three in the headquarters dead, and thirty-four civilians and soldiers dead, many more wounded" the officer replied. "Are enemies shot down?" "One bomber down with two pilots inside dead. We are recognizing what it belongs to." Another officer wearing similar uniform said, "But, intelligencers found imminent attack by those zombies." "Secure the wreck first," said the chairman, "Order all units to prepare for combat."

"Where to defend, Danny?" asked the Indonesian. "The West Gate, specifically in the abandoned factory and nearby places," the company commander replied, "I will be going there because a small outpost is there." "What about the rest of the company?" "Staying not near from us, just do not worry. Even if we need to retreat, we do not mind allowing you to go first." "No need, I am not so French." Jason replied. Everyone nearby laughed; thanks the absence of French soldiers, or there would be something fun before the ferocious combat.

"Set up machine gun positions and barbed wires! Rocket launchers and mortar defenses, get ready!" Danny said in a large volume. "At a bearing of 70 degrees northwest comes with zombie hordes!" A sniper squatting in front of open sill said, then he fired out a bullet. The bullet blew off several zombies into broken fleshes. 

"Fire!" shouted Jason. He said something to a nearby soldier, and he turned the turret towards a direction, firing out a bomb that exploded into fire. Although napalm bombs had been critized for atrocious torture over its victims in the past, you still could not deny that they were extremely effective at breaking down zombies into ashes. "How many are they?" asked Danny. "Drones found hundreds of them! We had better get Kevin and Tim's squadrons to dive bombard them." "We are not so suppressed by those enemies," a machine gunner said in the gap of recharging, "We can still use missiles on those planes."

"Werewolfs are appearing!" said a soldier in an artillery position. "Smash them down! Don't waste silver!" a platoon leader near a machine gun said. Suddenly, roaming sound of planes appeared in the sky. Severals missiles appeared in layers of clouds, exploding off dozens of monsters. "They are still coming!" said Jason, "Some of them even tried to jump to get my drones down!" "I see," the company commander said, "Requesting missile firepower in Location 303!"

"There are signals that originate from the atmosphere," an intelligencer sent out a message. "What signal? Regular or irregular?" I asked a nearby workmate. "Must be regular, or else some satellites had no signal response without a reason." "What is the frequency of signal disappearance?" asked an intelligencer who just walked past by. "Usually the phenomenon happens in skies facing the sun. Maybe."

"What are those blue stuff?" asked a soldier whose face was full of surprise. "They just emerge after explosions!" "What are they? Mutants?" asked Jason after guiding the turret for switching targets. "Perhaps new enemies!" Another soldier said, "Air forces must launch something that can really stop them!" "Let me see..." Jason took binoculars and saw something in surprise: some enormous zombies were moving fast towards their position.