# A Whole Conspiracy

......

"Even it failed?" The man in suit said in great surprise. "Those minions never made it to Columbus City, and the wreckage had disappeared." "What the heck?" He was furiously looking at the screen, "Can't we just use the ship to demolish them?" Someone behind him coughed twice and said in a fearful low voice: "Our mission is to control this poor stellar system at lowest intensity, but not to trigger a hot war." "Yes, counselor."

"Therefore, stop the attack now." "What? Leader? Are you serious?" A man replied in great surprise. "We should not waste so many for our planet. The population has been too small for the past decades." "You mean..." "We must try something hard."

......

"I am very sure it is an alien," I said in front of everyone, "The appearance has revealed everything, and we intelligencers deciphered languages that do not have similar pronunciations with ours. If the DNA analysis found its DNA unfamiliar with all of us, it must be an alien. Plus, our intelligencers are still figuring out the strange bomber" "I have no reason to doubt his word," said Jason, "Our soldiers found much more stronger zombies compared to those we found on our way here. Someone must be behind to help develop them."

There was a confidential hearing conference after the attack had been repeled by the Space Force under the permission from chairman Wang Jun. The *Bill of Mandate* gave him the power to do so after several votings by Member States. Now there is no need to hide it, but at that time it was a definitely correct action. "Frequent disabilities of satellites indicate the existence of something that paralyzes the satellite network and the whole nuclear arsenal that we have," another intelligencer replied after the chairman asked about intelligence decipher.

"The last regional conflict decades ago had found weapons like those we found on the corpses," said Danny, "It has shown that those invaders have been interfering us for many years. Or else, there is no reason that our weapons of massive destruction will be paralyzed by them. Based on reports from our comrades, some people on Earth must have conspired a takeover by aliens."

Suddenly silence covered the conference room. "I do not completely deny this possibility. At least such encephalovirus that can transform like AIDS must be developed artificially. What have our navies found? Rear admiral?" The same lady, wearing the same military uniform, stood up and replied in a very brisk tone: "There must be a large object in our atmosphere. If we can crack out their hacking, our destroyers and cruisers can immediately find and criple it." I looked at her for seconds and turned to a nearby workmate, talking about what we had deciphered. I could see her name on her name card, but I eventually turned to discuss what we have found in these two days.

"Some people are also conspiring action to overthrow the current United Nations," a Russian general said, "It will just allow aliens to take over much more easily. They must be contacting aliens for the past few months before the whole crisis." "Indeed," replied the chairman, "I once led investigation on the origin of those weapons that appeared decades ago, but there was nothing found. There is no impossibility that some people bring them from aliens."

"What about comrades from the Space Force?" The chairman turned to a man wearing combat suit for perhaps those most elite pilots on our planet. "We may find a gigantic ship-like object by our radars." "What ship-like object?" The chairman asked, and nearly everyone in the conference room looked at the leading pilot, Tim Nordberg. "I can't accurately describe it, but it must be thrice the size of the greatest aircraft carriers. We sensed its shape for two minutes before it shut off our radars." "I see," replied the chairman.

The hearing conference continued for half an hour before it ended. Each time a representative spoke, the magnitude of information content rose even faster than exponential speed. It was not surprising to see this, but the real surprise was that all those mentioned stuff were right, eventually.

......

"We just detected some flying objects very close." "Have they found us?" "They just escaped from us after moving very close for two minutes," replied someone in the cabin, "But we are not sure whether they have found us." "Their poor number in planes can make no threat on us, as we see," a figure unfamiliar with human size said, "Unless they fight close."

"Shall we directly destroy their major cities?" asked the man in suit, "Nearly all of us wanted to do so." "Remember that we are not here for conquest, but to weaken their power," another figure said, "Our ship will not appear unless they APPEAR in front of us."

"So you are making a motive for them to come and be decimated by all of the artilleries you have on the ship?" an officer asked. "Yes," the man said, "We have been hiding from the United Nations, now it is the time to openly let you in." "Anyway, we will come," the alien said in a voice full of disdain, "The Hapsaha Space Navy's ship is nothing for us."

......

"What is this strange frequency?" An intelligencer took of the earphone and said in a suspicious tone, "There had been radio waves in such frequencies appearing around the sky above Egypt-Sudan and nearby African countries." "Who the hell can frequently send signals above?" asked an intelligencer near me, "Unless..." "Report to the chairman immediately," a senior officer said, "This abnormal phenomenon must mean something." "Why?" another senior officer looking at my computer screen said. "We have no aircrafts that can stay there silently without notice for more than two days."