# Riddled With Holes

"Left Standard Rudder!" As the captain shouted, the ship greatly twisted with many crews and officers struggling to cling to fences, chairs, and anything solid in the bridge. "Fire the main batteries now!" "Captain, are you sure? Battleships are..." A crew argued after gasping. "No hesitation! Fire at the damned enemy bombers now!" "Yes captain!"

Just then, with a vibration that shook off bottles of water and some small devices from tables and trays inside the bridge, eight large main batteries, as large as standard residential buildings, fired out eight large laser beams silently. "Right full rudder!" The captain shouted again. He held both of his hands onto his seat, whose seat belts had fastened him tight. "We only have 50 Distance Units to enter surface forces' cover!"

Suddenly, the ship shook so greatly that some devices just flew off tables and fell onto the ground. "Cpatain," a voice said in panic in the broadcast, "A bomb exploded in one of our deflector shield generators!" "How many have we left?" The captain said to his earphone. "Two!" "Comrades! Hold on! We are very close! Left standard rudder!"

"Captain, some bombers and approaching three kilometers to launch missiles! At a bearing of 163 degrees!" "Launch our interferential missiles to them immediately!" "Yes, sir!"

......

"It is not very good!" The vice admiral slammed his device onto the table. "During the two months after the start, beside a stellar system in the northwest and four in the northeast, as well as two in the southwest, we got nothing but lost several warships!" "Come on, those warships of our subjects are very old," the fleet admiral argued, "But it is incredible that those rebels use spatial bombers to bring great trouble to the warships! We lose anti-spacecraft defense firepower."

"Should we resume the bombardment on their 2nd Battleship battle groups?" A rear admiral broke in the room and said, "We lost dozens of spacecrafts and only sunk a destroyer!" "What the hell?" A sitting fleet admiral was in shock, "They shouldn't have so advanced anti-spacecraft firepower!"

"Call the flight officers and ask why they fail to sink this formidable battleship battle groups!" The fleet admiral stood up and shouted. "No need," thevice admiral said, "Here is an excerpt of what they had experienced, look." Then he put some pieces of paper on the table.

An officer, with sort of fury on his face, looked at the first piece of paper. "They reported...the enemy warships consisted of dozen cruisers and destroyers...okay...and then they said: 'The enemies were not worried to sail...they only turned sharply when we were ready to launch missiles or drop bombs...some of my co-pilots fail to recover their dive and just slammed at the bottom of enemy warships...' Who the hell taught them the tactics of Unidos Estados de Grenada?!"

"It must be the Galactic Brigades," another officer said, "Multinational forces led by Afriko to support them, with real warships and people. The war is complicated as they retake our bases..." "But we have many more battleships and heavy cruisers than those rebels. The more ships we have, the higher probability that we can overwhelm them!"

......

"Quick! Destroyer Squadron 2, move into the cover range first!" The captain issued the order, "Then the cruiser squadron follows!" "Captain Thalmann," a ping jockey said, "It seems that enemy bombers and fighters are not pursuing our battle group now." "Really?" The captain was slightly gasping. "Our radars can't spot any sign of their advance." "I see," then the captain clicked some button on his device and said to the earphone: "Flight officer, release two fighter squadrons attached to our formation now."

"Count how many crews and officers we have lost on every ship, don't lose anyone. Then write a brief report to the Headquarters." "Yes, captain."

"President," the Defense Minister broke in and said, "Admiral Lavillia reported that the second battleship battle group had survived from fierce enemy carrying spacecraft bombardment, despite losing one destroyer and approximately five hundred crews." "What?" In great surprise, he looked at the counselor. The counselor was also in surprise, "We had expected that they couldn't make it through bombardment of hundreds of planes."

"They have retreated into Richelieu stellr system's outer space shipyards," the defense minister continued. "At least for now the surface forces can aid defenses and bomber support. What a bloody hell must the battle group have experienced..."

"So, our department found that those colonizers have no intention of using superluminal thrusters to transport all of their fleets into our capital," the minister continued, "Their recent documents revealed it--they expressed the opposite--a war of attrition." "Probably," said the counselor, "The colonizers have a large empire behind them--a vast, old, yet strong empire that was founded by expansion and fueled by expansion."

"We only lost seven stellar systems in corner regions, since one month of the start. They clearly do not throw out the jackpot to destroy our resistance, as well as your support," the chancellor replied, "Our surface forces can only delay their conquest after moving battleship battle groups and assault fleets into inner stellar systems."

......

"So, that is it," D'Souza drank a glass of water and finished talking. "The Galactic Brigades do assist and bring great trouble on those colonizers." "Thank God. I can't believe in the Galaxy there are people like locals here, willing to support something that seems impossible," the captain replied, "Even it is possible throughout this small stellar system." "But still, they made it through decades of bloodshed," D'Souza continued, "Or else their population would have been greater as the maximum of that."

"But still," the captain said, "They are just at the beginning of space exploration. By those warships in Hapsaha, the stellar system is no match with the formidable warships, oh the battleships you tell me. I know." "At least they are doing so even without realizing the issue," the officer replied, "That is very strange. Some stellar systems after low-intensity invasions just scrap them, selling them as souvenirs. For example, historians in Earth criticize the former United States of America's action of scrapping their glorious carrier Enterprise."

"Unbelievable," the captain smiled and shook her head slightly, "They are picking up things that had been stored in their museums and renovating based on them. After being lost here, I witness flying of supersonic jets named Cor-Harmonie, based on those left in museums centuries ago. They have great intention of finding what had lost dozen scores ago." "Quite right. They started building bases on the Moon and Mars decades ago, just as they had planned and abandoned dozen scores of years ago."

"I heard that a body check will happen in several days later, and some of us may be exposed due to different sets of biological properties that locals define," the officer drank another glass of water after filling it with water in a bottle. "So what can we do again? Changing the blood samples intentionally?" The captain looked at the officer, "The body check will check samples of blood and analyze them. There is no chance of changing them. We can't escape them, can we?"

"What about the straight way--we tell those humans in charge about our identity some time before the..." Suddenly, an officer, which looked like a Hapsahan people, walking right past them asked: "Why are you talking in a language that I am not familiar with? Nor any dominant one in Earth, nor ours?" "Eh..." Without having time to respond, the officer asked, "Are you spies?" "Come on, comrade," the captain turned to him and took out her ID Card from her pocket, "We are officers in the Space Navy! Discussing things in the same language with very different accent is reasonable, right?"

"Yeah! People in the 22nd and 23rd districts of the capital speak the accent, right?" The captain replied quickly. "And I live there for quite a long time. So don't think too much, comrade!" They stared at each other for seconds, with the air still inside the basement. "Alright. I think too much, sorry." Then, the officer silently walked back and exited the room. Staring at each other, the captain's mouth slightly opened again, but the officer saw some drops of sweat clung to her face, indicated by light reflected into his eyes.

Just as if something monstrous, Ariel looked at her armbands on her left arm. One was a deep blue one printed with the Space Navy emblem and words standing for "Solar Space Navy" in seven languages, the other above with red, deep blue, and yellow colors. She said nothing, but with her mouth closed tightly, she was think about something. Maybe she was thinking about revelation of her identity, or considering about her fate--being persecuted or exiled. However, what was in her mind was never known to me--at least by the time I write here.