# Establishing the Space Navy

"They even did not destroy the documents about the warships," said Wendy while scanning the reports handed by two officers with her eyes. Great satisfactory appeared on the Chief of Staff's face as she turned several pages. "I see...Two thousand crews in average for each light cruiser, one thousand for each destroyer, six hundred assistant escort destroyers, and four hundred for patrol ships. We will assemble a conference on it."

"Attention!" As the guards opened the gate and saluted to dozens of representatives entering the Security Council in New York, they walked into the room in a solemn manner, with no emotion and no interaction. In a closed conference, which had a confidentiality period of a decade, on such a serious topic, there was no extra need for interactiving actively, for fear of leaking information.

......

"Those American and English generals still oppose our draft resolution. They do not recognize the importance of a Space Navy, just like those Japanese centuries ago who rejected aircraft carriers and were eventually punched by aircraft carriers," the rear admiral said in great anger. "If we cannot pass it, we will be trampled over by other aliens in the future!" Beside the sofa she sat, the Air Force major general who accompanied her was still typing on the stationary device.

"About whether to setup a Fleet in Being or an active fleet?" The major general was still typing. "Yeah. You heard everything while we were discussing the composition of fleets. Even when we have unified together, after a catastrophic event, people still do not want to cost more." The major general said nothing and was still typing, but with a faster rate. "I do not regret being here, but regret coming up with the plan. I cannot stand back while I am still here."

Suddenly the major general pressed hard on the space key and stood up, pushing her chair decimeters away. "Anya! You wanna KILL yourself?!" The major general adjusted her tie and said in great anger, "Do you think that killing yourself in front of comrades can show your determination?! Coward!" The sitting rear admiral said nothing, staring at the window on the wall. "We must discuss matter rationally with our comrades! Just by showing your anger at them who have been standing with us, can solve the whole thing? Just in a matter that comrades have different opinions on, you want to achieve your opinion by complaining and showing your temper?"

The major general sat beside Anya and looked at her face. "Action! Take your action out and show it to them! We do not know what the consequences will be, but we know, we are doing best to protect livelihoods of people by any means. If you think our plan is more effective, show them!" The rear admiral took her glass of water on the table and drank it up. "I shall."

......

"There are many reports of atrocities committed by those aliens who had left, but the Tribunal have been investigating Hapsahan war criminals; some reporters criticize the court about it." An American vice admiral said to the chairman. "Alright, I see." the chairman replied with a firm tone, "Let our judges and procurators handle it, but not us. I believe that if I were one of them, I would die halfway due to hypertension or heart attacks. Just focus on postwar construction and Space Navy conscription."

"But we can't let the purity of the Tribunal be offended," the Chinese rear admiral said, "It is a form of unforgivable disrespect not for us, but for people who have been killed." "I will inform our Secretary there immediately after the conference," the chairman replied, "And we will discuss about in the last session of the conference."

"Return to the topic. I have received the report on Space Navy soldier and officer slection criteria submitted from China, Russia, and France, and I believe that you have reading it thoroughly. If there is no more question on the paper, now we begin to vote." "Chairman," the rear admiral sitting in the seat raised her hand and said, "I wish to say something." The rear admiral said after raising her left hand. "Radm Anya, speak as you wish."

"Comrades, we have been discussing what the structures of those warships should be since one week after the start of the Tribunal. But, I hope every comrade here, think carefully about the question: what a Space Navy should be. It should not be a tool to intimidate people by its power, but a sword that can drive aliens away. Just because we have a Space Force that is not strong enough to take down their warship, we had to sacrifice thousands of our men and millions of innocent civilians to gain this Pyrrhic victory. Is not this enough to show how important an active fleet is?"

She turned to the American seat and continued: "Vadm Douglas, your draft resolution discussed reasons that the fleet must be based in shipyards and docks on Earth, the Moon, and Mars." "Quite right," he nodded, "We can't risk running out of the Oort Cloud before knowing aliens outside except for Hapsaha beings." "I understand. But, if we are involved in another alien invasion against us, there is no reason that dozens of alien warships, which may be the same size like that we had sunk in Sudanese Port, will not appear. If we solely use our fighters stationed in Earth and Mars to counterattack them, our pilots and such scale of warships in our hand cannot sustain their firepower for long in front of many much bigger warships."

"What about your reason for maintaining an active fleet?" He turned to Anya and asked, "It will take up about 7% of our soldiers in the global forces to maintain and function, and much money will be spent in current post-war periods." "That's right. But according to revelation of intelligence on Space Navy from Hapsaha, an active Space Navy, even without support from Surface Forces, which I refer to all our land, naval, and aerial forces, can simply starve populations on the planet TO DEATH by severing supplies to people by their firepower. We have tasted the pain of fighting against just a single spatial warship, and I cannot make sure that it won't happen again."

She took up the envelope that contained a voting card for her draft resolution, and said in a firm tone: "All I have to say I have said. I do not think that a Fleet in Being is not beneficial for us, but for the sake of long-term defense, it will be better to use an active fleet to delay enemies' advance."

"Alright, let's begin the vote. Please vote by our conscience and rationality, because those who died in the turmoil, are watching us. Only it can let them rest in peace." Two seconds after Anya finished her words, the chairman stood up and said. After he sat down, she took out the card from the envelope, and took the pen given by the Chief of Staff. Immediately she circled somewhere on the card; undoubtedly, where she had circled must be printed the word "Yes". As she finished, she put the pen away, then the card into the envelope, later the sealed envelope in front of her paper. As every representative finished, the Chief of Staff collected all fifteen envelopes and put it inside the poll box in front of the chairman.

Normally the vote should be held openly; however, the chairman decided to start a traditional vote to hide the actual record on who voted yes or no. "We have pledged to do so," he recalled, "We know the division is not for profit. To make sure it is fair, such method can show how solemn and important it is."

The chairman shook the box hard for seconds, and he poured all envelope out of it. He carefully piled them up and took the first envelope out. He took the card out of the envelope and saw the card with country name on the removable part on the card, and the circle on already printed words on the rest part. As he tore off the removable part and put it back in the envelope, the Chief of Staff typed something on her pad. It was to record the order of vote, and the record would remain confidential probably until I am in my eighties.

"No, for the resolution." He showed the card in front of everyone, then he put the card and the envelope separately away on the table. Then he took out the second card from the envelope, tore off the upper part and showed card. "No." The third one, "yes, for the resolution". The fourth one, "No." The fifth. "Yes." The disturbing alternate "No" and "Yes" continued for five times subsequently. The air was silent, beside the noise of taking cards out, tearing part of the card, and folding the envelope echoed inside. The rear admiral and her accompanying Air Force major general fixed their eyes on the chairman, as well as the envelopes and cards.

"Yes." The fourteenth card was circled in the manner the chairman spoke out. "Comrades, now it comes to a tie. The last vote will determine everything about the draft resolution, and the construction of our Space Navy." He took a deep breath and opened the envelope, then he stopped for a while. Beside tiny noise of wind blowing from the air conditioners and breaths of representatives, there was nothing could be heard. Instead, he directly tore of the upper part and put in down. Seconds later, he looked around representatives and said in a serious tone: "Yes." As he showed the card, a circle was put in the word "Yes".

"Therefore, the draft resolution should be ractified immediately." As he tapped the gavel, an officer walked in with a file of document and placed it in front of the chairman. "Now all Member State delegations, please sign at the designated position on the document."

It was some seconds later when the major general poked Anya and whispered: "Go and sign it. Don't worry!" Her shaking right hand took the pen in front of her. As the officer placed the document in front of her on the table. With great relief, she signed her name on the document, right below the British representative's signature.

As the document was taken back to the chairman after signed by other Member States, the Chief of Staff signed it beside the chairman. He then signed his name and returned it to the officer and stood up shortly afterwards. "Therefore, the draft resolution *Description of Hapsaha Space Navy Institutions and Presentation of an Active Space Navy Plan* has been ractified." Everyone clapped their hands after the solemn announcement.

"Why not take a photo to record this monumental moment?" The chairman smiled and stood up, moving his hands to dozens of representatives forward. Everyone simultaneously looked at each other and smiled at them. The officer ran to the front of the meeting table with a camera. "How do we take the photo?" A Mexican officer asked. "Just be casual, but remember to look at the camera," as the chairman replied, everyone there laughed.

The famous photo is still displayed on the wall beside the gate to the Security Council. As the officer gave a gesture of OK, everyone began to stand up and walk away from their chairs. By coincidence or not, the Permanent Member State delegations stopped in front of the gate. They looked at each other for a while, and then, Anya stretched her right hand out to the American general in front of her. Hesitated for a while, maybe thinking about the draft resolution or the past, the general took her hand tight.