# Light and Shadow

"The war criminals had been executed," said Wendy to the Chairman, "There is no large scale revolt till this far." "Quite great," the Chairman said, "There is no reason to reject seeing the remaining war criminals." "Are you sure, chairman?" The Chief of Staff popped her eyes nearly out of her round lenses. "Take the captain that had been sentenced to imprisonment for five years as an example."

"Yeah. The former Captain Heathrow Woodhill. He was captured right before the ship was sunk by our aviation forces," Wendy replied and nodded, "Why mention him?" "He had served in their Space Navy for more than a decade, from a destroyer captain to destroyer squadron commander, all the way onto here. Compared to most of other War Criminals, he was few ordinary military personnels held as War Criminals, as those judges considered." "Are they serious?" The Air Force major general, sitting in the opposite seat to the chairman, said in anger, "How can they let those war criminals go?"

"Listen, Lin," the chairman did not change his emotion and looked at her eyes, "You will be talking with the captain and some of his surviving staff with some other generals from the Member States." The major general controlled herself not to stand up and stared at the chairman, and nodded. "Come on. They are all precious resources for beginning our training on Space Navy crews. They are all technical personnels that are irreplacable for us, who know nothing about spatial warships. The judges must have made the decision for his critical importance."

The room suddenly remained silence after the chairman ended his words, so silent that the breaths could be heard. "I obey. I will talk with him and promise to finish the task."

......

"You finally decided to find me, the representative of PRC and other dominant nations on the planet." The former captain, still wearing the military uniform worn during his surrender, walked to the five generals standing in front of the door to the courtyard. "How's the meals given by us?" The major general asked the former enemy. "I eat pretty well with local food. Why ask?" The major general did not answer but asked: "Do you sleep well these months, during trials and after release?" "Yeah...pretty well."

"Still cannot decide to surrender to us?" The major general smiled to him and said. "You are keeping us living well to execute us for our crimes?" The former captain looked at dozens of aliens behind. "Heathrow, if we really had had to do so, why you haven't been executed with your commanders?" Lin asked the former captain, "That is because although you participated in the invasion, we believe that you are forced to do so, and you do not like it at all."

The captain said nothing but still looked at Lin. "Although once Hapsaha Space Navy invaded us, we still treat you and other capitulated soldiers well." Just then, the American general behind her gave the former captain a box. "Captain," the general spoke in English, "This is the specialties we bought in your homeland. Enjoy it." The captain hesitated for a while, then took the box with both of his hands, "Thank you."

"We give you sufficient time to consider the decision of formally surrender." Lin bowed to the captain and then exited with the other generals. Other aliens behind the captain looked at them in surprise.

..."Should we accept their request?" The chief artillery officer asked while eating freshly cooked rice, "We have been living in the local base for dozen weeks without imprisonment." "Are you sure?" The Flight Captain said in suspicion after drinking up a bowl of carrot soup, "Don't you think that they will execute us if all of us go there?" "If they want to execute us, they could have done that the same day when the fleet commander was executed," an officer replied, "They are feeding us well for weeks after we ravaged their homeland."

"So, captain, what do you think?" Another officer turned to the former captain, "I heard that the Earthlings may..." "Call them earthmen," said the captain. "Do we really have to surrender to the earthmen?" The captain said nothing and drank the cup of water. Then, he lowered his head and closed his eyes for a while. He then looked up and said: "We have been living well thanks to them, and we should not waste more. We should accept the surrender, for our good, and to get as many as other crews in. They are not so lucky--I heard that many of them fled into mountains, lacking food."

"Good morning, captain Heathrow and other crews and officers," Lin shook the former captain's hand the next morning. After those officers and soldiers sat down, with the captain and some commanding officers sitting in the front row, the captain looked around the room: pickets were standing apart alongside the walls, with no weapons at all. "Please put your remaining sets of equipment on the ground here, and for your willingness, we do not force you to hand over your private possessions." Just then, the captain threw his sword beside his waist onto the ground; later, he sat on the seat in front of the table.

Some other crews put down their aviator's helmets and bullet proofs above the sword, while others put down things like a defensive pistol, signal pistols, and books beside. Without hesitation, the captain carefully signed the document displayed in fron of him and stood up. He said: "All officers abroad the cruiser accept unconditional surrender, and will follow any further action made by the Peacekeeping Forces."

The officers on the other side of the table applauded with the alien officers. As the applause stopped, Lin said: "Now please move to the hall, where we have prepared lunch for you." "OK."

As the captain walked into the large hall first, he saw the many tables with dozen dishes of meals, consisting of rice, local vegetables, steak and pork, and many other cuisines. As most of the officers of the UN standing beside tables, Lin and other generals gave gestures, telling them to sit in.

"Sorry to bring you so much trouble, major general Lin," the captain apologized after the meal, walking together with her toward the entrance, accompanied with officers from both the cruiser and the UN. "That is nothing compared to your sincerity," she replied with a smile. "But...," the captain hesitated for seconds and asked: "Could you please give your medal to me...because I am really fascinated to have it." Suddenly all people beside the major general stopped and stared at him. 

"I really think that I was being too rude to major general Lin Qi at that moment," he recalled while interviewing him abroad the cruiser Aurora, "Getting her medal off her is unimaginable for me, as well as for her. But she just took it off after rubbing it for some time, and gave it to me, leaving a sentence 'hope it can represent what you contribute in the future'. Everyone beside said nothing, and I immediately gave it back to her, apologizing again for my rudeness. That is the moment that I decided to serve in the new Space Navy."

......

"The results have been published," said Jason. "What result? The executions of Class-B and Class-C war criminals?" A coworker asked. "Not them," I replied, "The selection of crews and officers in the Space Navy." "Why don't we find Dayou and check the list together?" Jason replied in excitement. "But I heard that you have a regular training some minutes later," a soldier walking past by said. "Oh no!" He immediately ran away with the soldier.

"Chen Dayou!" Jason knocked the door and then wiped off sweat on his face by his towel. Some soldiers and I were waiting behind him. "Are you alright?" He opened the door and saw no one in the dorm, beside books on the desk, the open window with curtains blown up by the wind, and someone sleeping in the bed trying to wake up. "Who is calling me?" He yawned and said. "Me." Jason apologized, "Sorry to interrupt your sleep." "No no, I am just awake when you knock the door. Tell me what has happened." "Tomorrow enlisted comrades will be received comission. I heard that officers would deliver the certificates for those who are selected," he replied.

Around the same moment, someone knocked the door carefully, then Chen quickly jumped down the bed and wore the regular uniform. "Wait for a moment!" He called from the room, and after buttoning up hook and eye, he ran to the door. As he opened it, an officer was standing in front of the door of the dorm. "Good afternoon, comrades. Here is the certificate to Navy Lieutenant Chen Dayou. Congratulations." On a fairly printed A4 card, black and golden words, as well as signature from the chairman, showed that he had passed Space Navy selection and would be serving as First Lieutenant on a destroyer.

"Congrats, mate," I patted Chen Dayou's back as the officer handed the certificate to him with both hands. "Take it."