# Wheat or Gunpowder?

Two months before the foundation of Solar Space Navy, in an unknown stellar system.

"The People's Alliance won the election just by 0.7% in the second round vote," an officer said to the general. "I have seen my brother announcing the results as the President pro tempore." "You don't stop him?" "I have no reason to stop him at all. If the new president Azania can bring us out of the crisis, we have no reason to start a coup. The colonizers should be the utmost enemy we should face."

"People," just then, a mid-aged alien walked onto the stage and said to thousands of others gathering in front of a building, waving various flags. "Without your support, we can't stand here. But, I still need to stress that, no matter how you are a supporter of us or an opponent to us, the government will punish any action that threatens our security. We shall eradicate the past when division hindered our development; we shall unite together to overcome the bigger mountains; we shall fulfill the promises we have made in front you..."

......

"What I have done sounded humiliating, to our people and to those colonizers. I know what I am doing is for our nation's prospect. Any trial that may bring our nation from surrounding enemies must be contested with price. Azania and our Chancellor, I sincerely wish..."

"Busy, huh," the president patted the chancellor standing in front of him, "Recently you have handled series of crises that would have led to division in our country by this moment. However, we should also rest well despite enemies' behavior of no resting to pursue their prey. The Finance Minister will give a report to the cabinet, and prepare well for it." The two figures, nearly as tall as standing honor guards beside the building gate, stood under the bath of sunset.

"Outside is Captain Sanchez of Battleship Gonzalez. The recent bombardment from the colonizers killed around sixty crews abroad. The first loss of our crews after we got the warship." "Come in." The chancellor said in a loud voice, while keeping a calm tone.

A man with fair appearance and in a military uniform entered the gate and saluted to the two figures inside the room. "President, Chancellor, I need to supplement my explanation in the report. I sent out the surrounding destroyers into outspace of the stellar system, and then those colonizers sent out more than forty bombers without any reason and bombarded us. It is my whole responsibility for the casualties, and I am willing to accept any deprivation."

"It doesn't seem to be a decision made by an experienced officer." The Chancellor said. "I thought that those colonizers would do nothing, and I tried my best to avoid their bombardment." "It is enough for you to fulfill your duty despite the losses," the Chancellor stopped for seconds and continued, "You should be praised but not be deprived off command in the Space Navy." The captain frowned and asked: "Why? I can't understand."

Just as the Chancellor wanted to continue, the captain turned to the president and asked: "How is the warship?" "It would regain combat effectiveness in a month," the man replied. The captain held his mouth tight after the president's answer, despite wanting to say something.

"You are struggling mentally, right? Tell me about your thoughts." The Chancellor continued. "I hope to relieve any possible deprivation on officers in the battleship," the captain coughed. "They were saved from the colonizers' suppression some years ago and very new on the battleship." "Continue," the president said, "We are still listening." "We struggled hard for independence from surrounding enemies, and I have no reason to blame on them."

In the others' surprise, the chancellor stood up and patted the captain's shoulder. "It is not your fault, nor any crew's fault. If any word from me embarasses you, I will apologize for it. When we need to break off from the colonizers, I wish you to fight against them as bravely as possible." "Thanks. Chancellor, president, I will return."

......

"On the other hand, we need to think about the problem of seizing the stellar systems on southeast borders. People are paying great attention on our stance on this serious matter. We must discuss it with our Defense Minister and the Interior Minister. Of course, beside it, we can discuss more."

"Why call me at this moment?" The Chancellor broke into the room and said to the Defense Minister. "Have we decided to retake those stellar systems?" The man sitting behind the desk said. "We are still discussing it, as it is one of the promises made during the election and should be done anyway. Why call me for it" The man put down the documents and continued: "We, and those generals, are concerning the serious consequences beyond." "Don't need to concern it for such an extent. If we finally decide it, we will announce it in cabinet meetings."

"Come on, chancellor, our forces and soldiers have been practicing for the action for months, even when President Azania hadn't been inaugurated," the Minister replied. "It is also our responsibility to stablize the nation and face those colonizers," the chancellor replied, "We must care about any consequence." "It is the third time you stress the word 'responsibility' in the cabinet," the Minister signed another paper on the table and replied, "You are just taking responsibility of what Azania has taken."

"Azania has been busy these weeks." The Chancellor frowned slightly and replied. "Yeah, always even in the guerilla. Always reading books, staring at maps, and broading flagships in battles. But he does not appear to be fun in front of us. In the past, we can still hear mocks and jokes from him." "Alas, personality can change with the environment," invisible sadness appeared on the Chancellor's faces. "Alright, what about the Third Fleet Expansion Plan left by our predecessors?"

"I feel that we can't build so many warships before the colonizers may formally invade us," the Minister said, "Under the eyes of those colonizers to construct a too-large fleet is very difficult. We will finish and launch the remaining ships under construction into service before March this year, as I think in an optimistic way." "Just be faster. We must race ahead of those colonizers. Maybe, we will try..."

"Did you just release the secret?!"

......

"One last matter is the training of Surface Forces. We must face possible failures in front of the strong space navy held by the colonizers. Don't forget."

"Lavillia, seriously, you should consider resting for days," the president said, "It is a tiring job that demands proper rest." "Azania, you are still as caring as..." Just then, the figure of the Chancellor appeared at the door. "Come in, Chancellor. There is no need for a confidential meeting between us."

The Chancellor sat beside the two. "Last night, the conference of Joint Chiefs of Staff was subtle. It must have cost you much effort of making that plan." "No worries," the fleet command replied, "But for the president, I should apologize to some officers present at that conference. Everyone hoped to regain control of those military bases, but I know that the president had come up with a best plan, along with Chancellor's advice of Surface Force cooperation."

"Those enemies just park their warships inside land-based shipyards, which allow our Surface Forces to bombard them or seize control. The colonizers certainly hope to use those bases as a tool to win initiative of an imminent invasion," the Chancellor said. "If critics target me as 'organizer of military dictatorship' as I assist Surface Forces with equipment from Britanica, eventually when colonizers invade us, they won't think so."

"Although the situation may not turn radical in the month, your promise is still as solid as the planet," the fleet commander said with a smile, "If my sister had been here with me, it would have been better." A smile appeared on the fleet commander's tiring face as if he had been in his fifties, and the smile became more gentle as he looked at the door with relief.

"Your sister?" The Chancellor was in surprise. "I know it sounded impolite, what had happened..." "She was missing after being kidnapped by the colonizers. Intelligencers told me that she may have encountered another alien named H. Woodhill, and all stuck there. Anyway, if the Chief of Staff issues the order of attack, I will implement it for sure." 