# A Ko Determines the Dragon?

*"It has been around nine months after I had been stuck here due to the ship's destruction above a mid-sized city the locals call as 'Sudanese Port'. After picked up by a seaplane probably from a ship, they treated me as other coerced survivors abroad the ship, never realizing that I don't originate from their population. Luck may be one reason for it, but my appearance just like a maid must be the critical part. My language and learning a bit of one of their dominant languages help me a lot."*

*"Now those aliens even do not check my biological identity, including  chromosomes, genes, many things both them and we call uniformly. They even appointed me as captain of a destroyer that was from war reparation due to defeat of those aliens who kidnapped me. It is very funny to meet with those crews. The gunnery officer named Eroshenko always keeps a serious face while hearing anything, including jokes. The Damage Control First Officer, with a weird name different from that of us, runs fast inside the ship without a stop to check any danger. They keep my ship in an energetic matter after I take command."*

*"When can I return to..."*

"Captain, what are you writing? The captain's diary?" A crew looked at the captain, who was sitting behind the desk, writing on a notebook with a pen. She quickly put it inside the open locker in the table and replied: "Yeah. What happened?" "No worries," the crew replied, "The Command awards us with food supplies for about two months, including fresh canned fruit and vegetables from Mars. We are hoping that we can hold a party for our first place in the drill result confirmation."

"Alright, I never refuse partying twice a month, as the Command orders. Just do it!" The captain pushed the locker in and jumped from her seat. "Please call the Store Officer and tell him to open the food storage." "Okay, will do."

In the restaurant of the destroyer, the crews were enjoying from a party with food and juice--wine could not be tasted by them at any time unless at rest--thanks to the second highest spacecraft destruction toll and the first place in ship survivability. As they were tasting freshly baked meat and vegetables from suppliers in Mars, the officers and crews were talking about their performances, the drill, and the ship itself. Then, someone said: "Captain, I heard that you have an accordian in your room, can you play it?" The captain drank a cup of water and replied: "Sure, why not? Give me minutes."

Just as the crews and officers were still enjoying food and chatting with each other, the captain opened the door by pushing it with hands holding a box with an accordion. Applause erupted in the large room as she put the box beside her. As dishes and bowls were emptied, the room was filled with a deep bass after Chen Dayou volunteered to sing with the captain providing accompaniment. Then, as crews welcomed and sent applause to Eroshenko's singing, the captain decided to put down her cap and continue.

In everyone's surprise and welcome, the captain played out a popular song with swift and hitfeel as she accompanied with ground stomps that matched perfectly with the hits. As she opened her throat and sang out, her sweet voice, just opposite to her usual firm tone, brought nearly all crews to clap their hands with the rhythm. Toward the end of the song, she sang out the last sentences in Chinese, as she did in the previous minutes:

*"什么秘密，藏在星空里，倾听着电波声音，推满引擎前进，不停息；"*

*"星空浩瀚，路途远茫茫，我们永远等着你，就在这太阳系，等着你。"*

As the repetition of the sentences came to a conclusion, applause overwhelmed noise from any sources, with some crews and officers shouting. Although captains generally took command for dozen months, the pleasant memories of living with crews, would last longer than months, as long as any of them lives.

......

One month before the foundation of Solar Space Navy.

"Those rebels are just about to seize Allash stellar system in a month," an officer said, "We must not get our forces and might stuck in those rebels. Report to General Raeder right now--the Second Group Army is suffering from defeat in outer space east to Allash and ground combat!"

"Seriously? They are destructing our might and prestige!" The general hit the table hard. "Tell the Emperor that we need to send the Second Group Army away from those rebels in Allash immediately!" "Yes sir..."

"Order from the Military Department, general..."

*'1. Due to the current situation that those rebels are going to occupy Allash stellar system, the Military Department orders the Second Group Army to retreat as quickly as possible, with backup from the Fourth Group Army gathering in Liberia. All military operations in Allash Military District must be stopped, and rebels must not be allowed to penetrate its eastern borders.'*

*'2. The First Group Army will send three divisions for defense affairs in Liberia and Airnos. Its main forces will station in Dar al-Salem for the time being. The Third Battleship Squadron is going to dispatch from it and support the evacuation.*

*'3. All warships that fail to evacuate must be totally destructed in any means...'*

"Holy shit," the general turned to a nearby officer, "What we have fought for since this decade will be in vain after two days." "Alas, who knows how many weapons have been supplied to those rebels by Britanica and Afriko."

......

"I definitely agree with the plan," the Prime Minister said, "If we can't take out this chunk of independent aliens, we will lose great suppliers of resources of uranium, titanium, and many other energy sources. We must wage another war following the defeat." "Volodymyr, are you insane?" The Chancellor quickly stood up and said, "Wars have exhausted our Empire's resources. From the costly wars in Dar al-Salem and Allash, we have wasted many lives and steels without an end."

"Don't worry, Sergei. We are willing to abolish any Act passed by the Imperial Assembly," the Prime Minister replied with humor, "What I have learnt from being a Prime Minister is that by exploiting more, the Emperor can hardly give up allowing me to use his power."

"But you can't ignore that we have our military bases in southeast Coruscant," a marshal said, "Once they attack the military bases, we have enough reason to launch another war in our colonies. There are many abundant resources inside stellar systems held by those rebels in Coruscant. If we expand the scale of our Group Armies, the problem of unemployment can be solved for an extent. People may be willing to join those armies to fight off those guerillas."

"We have been drained much of it," an intelligence officer said, "Only few nations are supporting us limitedly by now. We can't do it so radically! Not to mention those rebels and their people's reaction after seizing the military bases."

"Quiet!" The Prime Minister shouted, with the conference room quieted down in seconds later. "The Emperor decides to send at least two fleets under the 1st and 2nd Coruscant Legions to supervise the situation. If they dare to take the first step, we will smash their occupation immediately. It is never a matter of eating up this chunk of meat earlier or later." "Anyway, don't waste our Group Armies. Use local Legions to start the war," the Chancellor argued, "We can't directly involve in unless something goes wrong!"

"You are finally a bit cleverer, Sergei," the Prime Minister mocked, "And since the Imperial Assembly has no opposition, I will tell the Emperor and prepare for it." 