# Imminent Danger

Looking back from the present day, what we live in as the Interstellar Republic originates from approximately one hundred and twenty stellar systems that spanned in the Orion Arm. Some of which are not inhabitable, while larger ones of them, like the Solar system, have civilizations that have evolved in thousands of years. While human civilization is perhaps very last of them to own a Space Navy, many of them have large engagements with colonizers who entered the area and eventually got driven out.

Colonizing stellar civilizations has been a convential way for interstellar countries to expand, while some countries expand in the Galaxy by signing treaties of alliance, like the former Soviet Union and today's New Soviet Union. When humans just began wrapping up the disastrous convential warfare around the continents just eighty years after the end of the Cold War, massive battles of resistance to colonizations were taking place, making different civilizations to align together.

Around the moment we started large debates about our future in mid-July eleven years ago, the stellar systems from core areas of the Interstellar Republic had been combating what the locals called as "colonists". Taken the data on August 1, the frontlines at the capital of Ariel's country were only approximately 25 light-years from our Solar system.

On that day, aware of any possible attacks, the crews and officers from Ariel's country, including Ariel herself, submitted a document to the Security Council.

......

"Instructions on real-time warfare in their own country?" Wendy exclaimed as she scanned through lines of texts shown on her device. "Yep, they sound pretty urgent when personally talking to me anytime," the Chairman replied, "Although we did end military administration as promised on July 23, that on Hapsaha won't end until two years lator, as agreed during the General Assembly conferences. Therefore, just let them talk about those wars; or else, we can only show them the theoretical battles." "Are you sure that those crews and officers won't panic?" "They are already after the reports on July 1."

"Should we pose some limits on their lectures?" "No need. We have taught our comrades enough about the basic concepts, and they have shown us how the structures of battleships, heavy cruisers, and so on. At least we are catching the final leg of the space warfare. Learn more, and gain more. If we really have to get involved, we can still understand the way how it works."

"Then, about the command issues in the future?" "We may let it handled by the commanders from Ariel's country, or the Coruscant Republic. I only commanded surface forces, and I, or all of us in the Security Council, are not suitable for it. We should openly discuss it in the conference at 3 pm today. I am willing to hear my elder son talking to me about what he had learnt today, but I can't."

......

"Where is our instructor today?" asked Dayou, "I heard Captain de Gea from destroyer Kiel saying that our instructors are probably not coming today." Ariel drank a cup of tea placed on the mobile table and said, "Don't panic. Because it will be me to lecture today." "You, captain?" Eroshenko was in surprise, "Is it really confirmed by the Security Council?" "Ah...maybe later," she smiled, "Just don't be so surprised."

"We should be assembling the crew and other officers around the end after the schedule rest two hours later," she continued, "Come and get this freshly cooked grilled chicken rice on your table. You must have been sumberging yourself in the texts." "Why do you know it?" "Because you forgot to put back the hard ID Card and it is visible." "Ow..."

"Do we really have to help prepare the files for you?" asked Dayou as he finished up the food. "No need. It is my task, not yours," Ariel smiled, "Although it is not always right in asserting full control, in this case, however, I will have to do so." Laughter broke out in the bridge area.

"Alright, comrades," said the captain while hundreds of crews were sitting in the hangar, "Before showing the cases, I will have to introduce my country to you. My country is the Coruscant Republic, named by a region in the Orion Arm by the Pansus Empire, which has been revealed as the cause of the deadly explosion in our headquarters. They are colonizing areas with vicinity to the Solar system." "What do you mean regarding vicinity?" "Their frontlines are only 25 light-years from the Solar system, and just outside my capital."

"They are seizing a stellar system?" One crew member was surprised. "Yep, by fleets with sizes of tens of our Space Navy. Perhaps they are going to seize you anytime possible, as our Solar system has been detected. But, just put that for a while. We will look at the start of this war in my country."

That start was the military operation in Mendoza, which had been covered previously in the book. "...In this battle, what was implemented in priority is surprise. The Republic Space Navy attacked at midnight local time, and the aerospace assault forces landed in key locations of the capital on the planet. It is important to note that initial space-to-surface bombardments were conducted in order to suppress enemy firepower from their surface forces. Therefore, regarding the size of the enemy fleets, they may take it as an approach to take over the Solar system."

"What if we fight in close combat? You mentioned that the enemies fought closely to prevent your takeover?" "That is the next part. In the fightings with the shipyard, where their largest vessels are paralyzed by orbital bombardments, we have no trouble using orbital bombardment because not many civilian populations are living nearby, thanks to the designers from the Empire. Then, we did not choose to bombard the city because it will depopulate the surface population rapidly." "Then, how can we face their orbital bombardments?" Asked Dayou, "Enemies from the Administrative Commission are definitely not so tolerant like you."

"Their bombardment equals to dropping ten nuclear bombs together. If they summon one battleship group, they can flatten the terrain; if they summon a whole fleet, they can destroy mountains. That's why we say that once we lose spatial engagements, all can be lost. Then, the underground defenses and mobile forces on sea are what we can rely on. Though they may vaporize the ocean to trigger tsunamis, beside avoiding their combat, we have no opetions."

"And continuing from the discussion on orbital bombardment. The Empire has been taking on conventional way of fighting: first is to orbitally bombard us, then send out forces to takeover capitals of countries here, and then, what we have previous learnt about, the Space Navy Infantry, will participate in initial engagements with surface forces. Our only chance is to disrupt their orbital bombardment and delay their arrival; or else, the whole nuclear arsenal and missile storage won't work. Their brutal way of fighting is supported by very superior military strength."

"But they can never fully annihilate whole civilizations, right?" "Yes, but who will like living in an environment with constant orbital bombardments? Therefore, early disruption of its preset combat tactics will be vital." "But will there be other options once we can't withstand them?" Dayou asked, "Say, we escape from Earth and Mars, and move to other habitable but not yet discovered stellar systems by the Empire?"

She suddenly could not immediately respond. Looking from the present day, perhaps during the course of development of interstellar civilizations, one traditional thought is that superior ones think that every stellar system, whether reachable or not, is under their control. But when the military power is the truth, almost no one could regard the issue properly.

"Emm...can we put that question later?" She politely responded, "Because no one wishes to escape easily...right?"

......

"You showed the military situation map to us, so I think that there must be somewhere not yet discovered, but labelled incorrectly there." "You mean where?" "The Solar system is one example. But it has been put on a cross, indicating that the Empire has been directly striking us. The bombardment of our headquarters is just one attempt."

He looked at the map and said: "There must be more. The Southern Administrative Commission, I mean, the colonists, shouldn't have controlled so many stellar civilizations. There should be neutral stellar systems like us, existing in territories not controlled by either side, unaware of but close to the war ongoing in your country." "That sounds interesting. Previously in the cafe, Captain Anya also discussed about the situation. Until the previous world war, the first two world wars also had countries neutral to both side. The recent one was a full-scale one that involved in all countries, even space stations in low orbits."

"We should align here," he continued, "Does your government have a way to connect them?" "I think it has informed them about the threat of war, but more details...I don't remember." The captain replied, "But I do remember that some interstellar countries do provide support, like selling vessels and carrying spacecrafts to us, in return, we get them with our strategic resources." "Better than nothing, right?" "At least we are not buying them with our sovereignty."

"But you told us that they have many more vessels, how even they have trouble destructing the main fleets?" "You definitely missed the lecture on July 2, right?" Ariel smiled. "Emm...yes..." "That day, I mentioned a concept of 'interstellar trek'; when we jump to an interstellar system, like Alpha Proxima, we have to follow a specific way, like the routes that planes follow in the aerospace, but more restricted. We have to jump to another stellar system when the enemies with much greater forces approach, or to estimate the interstellar treks and put our fleets in farther areas."

"We are in a *de facto* State of War against the colonists due to previous attacks, so, we should indeed align," said Chen, "It is for our good. We should write something to the Security Council and express our concerns. You Coruscantian crews take the lead, or else our humans will be regarded as insane." "Using us as straw men? Anyways," Ariel smiled, "I will work on it. Don't worry."