# A Deadly Sabotage (2)

After Jason got off the car, he stood with two soldiers beside. Driving on the emptied highway at 3/4 full speed without being fined was a good experience--but the next was not. Glancing at soldiers getting into transporters and leaving the site, he rushed into the scene with the accompanying soldiers. Above the ruins, several helicopters armed with machine guns and rocket launchers were flying around the building from skies hundreds of meters above. Smokes were rising from the tall building, while some bombs just exploded, with soldiers standing near the building running away in panic.

"How many bombs have those enemies planted!" Bearing the thought, he rushed through crowds of soldiers and officers standing near, while hearing sirens from fire engines and the inspector-general force crawlers mixed together, as well as panicked soldiers talking. Soldiers gave way immediately as fire engines and ambulances were heading to the front, with medics and firefighters jumping out of vehicles, starting to save survivors and putting out of fire.

"Command, I have reached the headquarters," as Jason stood in front of the crowds and scanned the damaged building with his eye, he opened the intercom and said in hurry, "The frontal structures are badly damaged, and casualties may have reached one hundred, and more." Just tens of meters near him and beyond, firefighters were busy putting out of fire, while medics were busy taking body bags containing bodies of dead soldiers into ambulances and dealing with wounded soldiers.

"Hurry, comrades!" Chen Dayou was rushing into the scene with his group members, which consisted of one division, with the other monitoring any problem inside the warship. As he stood in the empty space between the crowds, an inspector-general stopped him: "No entry except for damage control groups and bomb defusion forces!" "Here! See the badge?" Chen Dayou lifted his left arm surrounded by heavy equipment, "Let our division enter!" "Go in quickly!" The inspector-general nodded, "Be safe!"

"Jason!" As he stepped into the empty land, he saw some soldiers and officer surrounding a person in some pieces of debris. However, the person did not respond. "He is talking..." Chen Dayou turned to his men behind him. "Group 1 and 2, enter the left and middle channels after going in the hall! Group 3, follow me and breach through the right tunnel!" "Yes, sir!"

"Yes, the damage control group from destroyer Kuznetsov has entered the left section, and local rescue teams are assisting putting out fires and clearing outside debris..." Jason took an intercom and quickly said, "Now it seems that the damage control group from destroyer Snowy Wind has entered the building...What? Let me see...Yeah, I saw their first lieutenant. The damage control group indeed has entered." "Jason, look." An officer showed him a photo, "The circuit diagram of the bomb in the fourth floor." "The terrorists are humiliating us by this outdated type of bomb!" He stared at it angrily for a second and turned to the officer.

"Who is in charge of entering the fourth floor?" "The damage control group from Snowy Wind," he replied. "Send to their group leader at once!" "Yes, sir!" "You say that the Chairman will reach the site in person?" Then, he looked at an officer running to him. "Yeah, he said no need for welcoming ceremony." "Yes, sir!"

......

Inside the fifth floor of the building, soldiers and officers sat down quietly. Despite their uniforms covered in dust and caps of some had lost, none of them show any panic in their faces. A male soldier was putting a bandage on a female officer's left leg, the carpet near it been stained by blood. "Calm down," the captain brought her a bottle of water, "Rescue teams are on the way." Although her cap was lost somewhere, and her uniform was dusty with part of her blue military pants scratched, she did not bleed--which was sort of luck.

"Quick!" said Chen Dayou as he hit down a door by his right elbow, "What in front of us is the emergency exit to the fifth floor, where some survivors are trapped and the bomb is located!" "Yes, sir!" A soldier behind him replied, "Why not wait for drills to come?" "We must reach the site first, then try to break through an exit!" The first lieutenant replied while hurrying forward, "The door! Give me a torch and the printed circuit diagram." After taking it in his left hand, Chen Dayou immediately saw the stairs to a corridor.

Just as he wanted to step up, the ground shook again, forcing him to courch on the floor. After seeing his soldiers and officers stepping back from a fallen pillar for less than a second, he saw the entrance now completely blocked by the debris. "Can you hear me?" He shouted, hearing nothing but noise of cracking concrete structures. He clicked on the intercom, but heared nothing. "God damn it! The signal is not good!" Just then, the shake stopped. He could hear his soldiers shouting something like bringing equipment.

Without waiting for his soldiers to break the fallen pillar, he opned the torch and rushed into the dark corridor. As he was approaching the gate, he heard another piece of debris fall onto the corridor. "Hope it won't block the way again," he thought, and he finally saw the silver metallic door, behind which was the fifth floor.

"The door has been squashed out of shape by the explosion," he murmured, "Let's try contacting them trapped inside...the channel number..."

About ten seconds later, he could hear the telephone inside ringing at a low volume. Then, he heard the familiar voice: "Who? I am Captain Ariel." He also heard the noise of some small pieces of debris falling down inside the room. "This is Chen Dayou, your damage control first lieutenant. I am just at the final door to your place, but the explosions make me impossible to breach through this out-of-shape door nor contact the soldiers stuck outside."

"Finally you are here!" He could feel the voice changing from excitement to some sort of fear, "I was think that I don't know...I may be dying here, waiting for you to take my body out in a body bag..." "It's okay," the first lieutenant replied with a laugh, "We will be taking all of you out alive soon." He heard the person on the other side smile slightly. Then, he continued: "Have you noticed something suspicious...something like a box or a rectangular bag..." "Wait a minute..." The other side replied.

"Comrades," Ariel turned to other survivors, "Have you noticed something suspicious in boxes or bags?" Some officers and crews stood up and walked inside for seconds, a lieutenant colonel held up a box titled as "Soda Drink" by his both hands, "Here, it is unusually heavy." The captain saw the lieutenant colonel putting the bomb near the door and jumped to the reception desk, pulling out of a drawer and taking out a scissor. After removing the seal, she saw a large black object, with red numbers ticking down in suppressive darkness.

"This should be enough," she thought. She returned to the phone and said, "An officer found a large heavy box with numbers ticking down, that should be the bomb." The other side heard some people speaking in fear for a few seconds. "God damn it," the first lieutenant scolded in mind, "Can you see the remaining time?" "About fifty-one minutes remaining," she replied. "Fifty-one minutes..." Chen Dayou looked at the watch, "The detonation time is twenty-seven to eight." Then he turned to the intercom: "Please count the number of survivors immediately, and I will try bring our rescue team with sufficient food and water."

Outside, crews were busy drilling down the fallen pillar made of concrete and strong alloys. "Our first lieutenant is trapped inside the last section, and our instruments show that he is alive," an officer reported, "And there are at least more than twenty survivors inside our section of rescue."

"Jason," a surface force officer ran to him and said, "Every section of stairs and emergency exits have been blocked, and the last section of emergency exit to the fifth floor has been blocked again due to further explosions." The officers and Jason said nothing but stared at the headquarters covered in flames, smokes, and lights. "How many minutes can we spare?" Jason looked at the watch and said. "Dayou hasn't responded. He has the map and a capable intercom, and I believe that he can solve it."

"Hope nothing will go wrong," Jason whispered as the officer ran away.

Just then, a female officer ran to the contact site with another first lieutenant. "Jason, where is captain Ariel?" The female officer asked in panic. "She is stuck in the fifth floor," he replied after sending out a message, "Your division is trying to break into the fourth floor, as I see." "What?" The officer was in surprise, "Please try bring her out alive!" "I am trying!" said Jason, "But it is hard work for our soldiers and crews to break through very hard debris. We still can't reach where the survivors are staying!"

Helicopters were still flying in the sky, warships were still surrounding nearby seas, the Space Navy was still resting inside the intact shipyards, rescue teams were still battling explosions and flames. News of the deadly explosion spread, although it happened inside a confidential military base. I was just drinking tea with a fellow officer when I was called to go back my office. Only by intepreting the telegraphs did I understand how serious the problem in the land-based space navy anchorage was.

Time was ticking fast. The local bell tower struck nineteen times, while survivors were escorting from the building as bombs were still exploding in sections of the headquarters. "Ah, you are captain Anya, right?" Finally Jason had a chance to see who was standing behind. "My ship is intact, but I am worried about her...it will be tragic if she perishes here." "Calm down, captain," said Jason, "We are trying!"

Time was still ticking fast. There was no process reported so far, although there was only half an hour to spare.

Time was running fast. No process in entering the fifth floor was reported, while there was news of survivors rescued from nearby floors and sections as twenty minutes left.

Chen Dayou kept on hearing the noise at the end of the corridor. Yes, his crews were trying to break through, but there was yet another large piece of debrid that smashed the corridor entrance to the fifth floor. "Ariel, can you hear me?" He tried to speak first, and as he expected, he heard the response. "It seems that my crews are having trouble breaking in. Now, I need you to follow my instructions and **disintegrate** the bomb."

"What? Disintegrate it?" He could feel great surprise and disbelief on the other side. "But I am not trained for bomb defusion, nor I can do it while hearing your words on the telephone." "Wait a minute...," Chen Dayou looked at the diagram, "It is safe to move it around. Try bring it here to the exit door, where I am standing at." "Wait..." The contact went off.

"Can you hear me?" Chen Dayou could hear a voice echoing inside the room, and responded: "Yeah, I can." He could hear someone putting a heavy thing on the ground and crouching down. "Be careful!" He said. "I can see the bomb clearly," the other side replied, "I am ready." "Be gentle," he continued, "Now, remove the outer shell." "Done." "Great. Now, we are going to cut the wires." He said, "Follow my orders carefully." "I will." "Now, cut down the upmost white one."

Just as Ariel cut down the wire, the building was shaking again. From outside view, explosions tore apart a side wall.