# A Deadly Sabotage (3)

"Why there is still explosion!" Jason complained in anger. "Jason! Can your rescue team work faster?" Anya said in panic, "Many crews and officers are dependent on you!" "The bombs do not blow up the fifth floor! The enemies planted a single bomb that will obliterate the whole building in the fifth floor!"

"How many minutes do we remain?" After taking his intercom, he asked. "What? Fifteen minutes? Damn it! What are those terrorists wanting for!" An officer ran to him and said: "Jason, the damage control group of Snowy Wind reported that they have onelast obstacle to take down to reach their leader!" "Be quick...It takes time to defuse the bomb," he replied, "Confirm the status of other rescue groups! We need to speed up!" "Yes sir!"

The clock was ticking down slowly.

"Jason, how is the rescue going on? I found two captains missing!" He saw a senior officer running towards him, bearing a rank of vice admiral. "Manfield," he looked at the screen and replied, "We are still trying to reach the floors where survivors are stuck." "Be fast!" The vice admiral replied with worry, "The Command says that there are unprecedented settings in the bomb." "What?"

"Now there are only two wires to go," said Chen Dayou as he looked at the diagram. "Cut the black wire in middle of them." He continued calmly. "Done." He could hear the confident reply from the other side. "Then the pink one, be careful." He heard the response: "I finished, but the timer is still ticking down...there are still two wires left, one red and the other blue." "What the heck!" Chen Dayou looked back at the door in surprise and said, "Why those enemies have time to play probability!"

"I shouldn't cut both of them, right?" He heard the person ask. "Yeah! One of them will lead to detonation!" Ariel looked at the bomb at uncertainty, as the timer was counting down the few seconds to three minutes. He scanned the diagram and thought, "Blue or red? There are no indication of it!" Just then, the tower struck the bell three times.

Soldiers and officer standing at the site looked at the tower. Jason and nearby officers looked at the tower. At this moment of dead silence, the three strucks broke the dense atmosphere at night.

"Half-past seven," Chen Dayou murmured, "Three minutes to spare." He could hear his crews drilling down the obstacle, as well as the signaling struck from the tower. "Damn it! Which one!" "First lieutenant?" He heard the person behind saying, and felt surprised. "Tomorrow...is my birthday...I am worried that...I can't spend it..." The first lieutenant looked at the door with mixed feelings in his eyes--regret, worry, anger,...He replied in a serious tone: "Happy birthday, captain."

The first lieutenant threw his device showing the diagram away on the floor, his body falling down to ground. He saw the last piece of debris blocking the entrance, and heard the drilling noise. Thinking for a moment, he said in firm: "Cut it. Cut down one of them by your wish." In a silence of few seconds, the other side replied: "What if...I cut the wrong wire?" "Come on, the bomb will explode as the timer finishes ticking," Chen Dayou replied with a smile, "I will stay here for my crew, and you, as well as survivors inside."

"Cut one of them by your wish," he continued, "If we die, we should die together. We are always comrades in the afterlife." Ariel said nothing as she looked at the timer showing the time of two minutes. Just then, the building shook for three times, and Chen Dayou heard the noise of rubble falling down. Without picking up his device, he rolled to the exit, seeing his device smashed by the debris.

As Ariel hurried to bring the bomb away while debris struck the door, an officer quickly ran to help her move the bomb. Luckily, only one single piece of rubble struck. After gasping, she saw the wires and thought about something.

She could think of three days ago, when most of the crew was at rest during nighttime, she was moving around the left corridor where behind the portholes were outside. There she encountered a sergeant from Hapsaha, just new to the warship for filling the compliment. She chatted with her for a while, during which her crew asked about colors of stars. "Yeah, I also like stars with red colors, which are bright and visible," the crew replied, "But only stars like the Sun are healthy, just like us."

She could think of one week ago, while discussing something with the fellow officers. "Yeah, we know your birthday is next week, captain." She could hear Eroshenko's voice echoing, "Although we can't send you something too valuable, I have a red notebook that I got from my late grandfather to give you." "Thanks," she remembered the reply, "Just the color makes me want it." Then the laughter followed. "Not just this," Eroshenko replied, "It recorded the war decades ago. Interesting for you, a lost person to read."

Seemed to realize something, she held the pair of scissors and stared it with her firm eyes.

"Damn it, she can't hear me anymore," Chen Dayou scolded in his mind. As the noise of drilling broke his mind, he saw one of his crew breaking through the debris and searching with a torch. "First Lieutenant! We are finally here, how many people are stuck inside?" "About dozens of them, and our captain is busy defusing the bomb...It's hard to break through this out-of-shape door." "Let me bring in the drilling facilities...Our birthday celebration tomorrow won't be fluent." The crew signed and hurried outside.

"Why the terrorists set the bomb detonate today?" Chen Dayou bore his thought and said nothing, "Wait...about the color..." He suddenly lifted his head up, seeing two crews hurrying to bring in the device. Just as he wanted to move back to the gate, he saw the watch on a crew's hand under his helmet: only forty seconds left.

Outside the building, Jason stared at the clock, and panic was invisibly spreading on his face. "Only thirty-five seconds left! Give me the intercom to all channels!" As he grabbed the intercom, he immediately said: "All squadrons, evacuate immediately! Repeat, evacuate immediately! The bomb is about to blow up!"

"Retreat?" Chen Dayou was surprised to hear the call. "Go now, captain, or else we will increase casualties after detonation!" A crew said. Hesitating for less than two seconds, he immediately said, "Retreat."

As they were running out of the narrow corridor, the building was shaking again. Ariel felt drops of sweat on her face with dust, and she could feel her fast heartbeat strong as continuous earthquakes as she stared at the timer ticking down from twenty to ten. She placed her scissors into a wire.

"Ten seconds!" Chen Dayou heard one of his crew saying as they were hurrying back. He had no idea what wire his captain would choose--in fundamental level, it was coin-throwing problem. If succeeded, all of them would be safe; if chose the wrong wire, they would not walk out alive or with a complete body.

Outside, Jason and other officers were staring at the tower ticking down to twenty-seven to eight, the destined timepoint. Sweat was on their faces, and they were nervous to see what would happen to the rescuers and survivors inside. Helicopters were still roaring in the sky, but beside using fuel to maintain their positions, they could do nothing.

Inside the United Nations Headquarters, the Chiefs of Staffs were all looking at the live feed from helicopters. They were also anxious to save survivors, but clearly they could only wait for the fateful timepoint.

Three, two, one. The tower ticked down the final moments. Ariel moved her fateful scissors and cut down the wire. In initial five seconds that passed twenty-seven to eight, nothing happened. Despite some final explosions on other sections of the building, no explosion came from the central building. Ten seconds, fifteen seconds, twenty seconds...nothing happened.

Jason was still in shock of bracing for impact. He finally came back to earth and clicked on the intercom: "Chen Dayou, I need you and your crews to breach in the floor immediately. I know it is uncertain about the bomb, but we can't delay any further." He could hear the person on the other side gasping hard, turning his head to the microphone and saying: "Yes...sir."

Immediately after resting for a minute, crews were delivering drills and other devices into the entrance to the exit. "Drills in! Beware of the debris!" Dayou shouted as he helped bring it in. "Come on, baby, start fast." He murmured as two crews started the laser drill.

Inside the floor, survivors were looking at the out-of-shape exit door cut by laser from the outside, and the captain was still gasping at the bomb--timer stuck at the last second and the blue wire cut apart. No one was certain about the bomb, because it may detonate at any further moment. Then, they saw a tall man in full emergency equipment kicking down the door and the debris on his way. "Comrades, we are here," said Chen Dayou after clearing the debris.

"Those who are severely injuried will be rescued first," he continued, "Stretchers and food are coming, don't panic." Then he hurried to Ariel, while crews began entering the floor with two in a group carrying stretches. "How's the bomb?" "The timer has stopped, but I have no idea about whether it will explode," she replied with slight fear.

"Alright, let me remove the bomb outside." Chen Dayou replied and took the bomb. "Hurry, comrades! Don't panic! The bomb won't explode by now!" He then turned to the intercom and said: "Explosive Disposal Units, I have got the bomb, which has been defused, but I am not certain about whether it will detonate. I am taking it outside, don't come too close!"

The captain stood up after he left. "Comrades, the rescuers are here. Don't worry."