# Fog of War Unveiled (2)

"Yeah, yeah, I see." The chairman put down the phone, while his face showed such an annoyed mood that someone could simply stick a piece of paper written "annoyed" onto it. "Those pro-peace representatives are challenging us again." "The old stuff?" asked Wendy. "Of course! Ending the implementation of the Mandate. They are using anything they have to describe the implementation as military dictatorship."

"Has the Secretary General talked with you?" Wendy continued. "At least he is on our side. Basically the whole General Assembly is on our side, but this is not enough; those are in the military, in which power is the criteria." "Ah, speaking about those opponents, they are now putting those recently 'discovered' aliens to criticize us, although we will be taking it soon."

"The matter of thousand aliens not from Hapsaha?" asked Amy, who was in charge of the Chinese delegation after Anya had been transferred to the Space Navy. She continued, "It is yet another matter for the review staff, those under our control."

"Yes," the American Chief of Staff continued, "But some sort of their argument may take stance. Some of those aliens control the basement of the headquarters, where some of the most critical documents lay, and the position that is least inflicted during the explosion. Besides, those aliens reveal nothing about the immiment bomb attack. Those 'agents' will not risk their lives during their operation."

"I have to throw out an opposition," the Russian Chief of Staff replied. "It is a task that they will lose their lives in any second. Dozens of them, at least according to the ongoing preliminary investigation, have been killed before our enemies left and during the explosion. Agents? Who can hide in front of danger for months and years? They also need to live for their missions, not just hiding!"

"It is already sort of tolerance for us not to catch them in bunches," the French Chief of Staff followed, "Normally investigators will just isolate the whole group of those, but we are giving them trust! Now those officers and senators are arguing about it. If arguing about purity, we can just continue until the aliens invade us." "Don't worry," the chairman said, "We can't just catch them up. Some of them did sacrifice in face of those aliens we have not yet encountered; who can just fight against them knowning the great barrier in technology? Besides, who can just launch a purge after a disaster?"

"But chairman," Wendy said, "We can't allow any political security incidents to happen in this newly established force! That is the order from the Secretary General. You understand this seriousness, right?" "Yes!"

......

"Damn it," it was the first time Captain Takahama heard who he was in charge of complaining, "Now those aliens are messing up again." "Yes, we do find that. None can master such a large hacking program beside them." "I have a request that I am not certain about." "What request?" The 49-year-old Japanese asked. "Can I meet your topest guy above?" "What?" The captain was initially very surpried, "It is us who are responsible to handle this complicated matter." "I have some serious matter that you may not be able to understand," she replied.

"No." The officer beside him firmly replied. "The order is the order. We will only bring you in until there is a hard stuff."

......

"The intelligencers are having a problem while intepreting what the captain with Takahama and others," said Wendy. Outside the still reconstructing headquarters of the Space Navy, the chairman of the Security Council and the Chief of Staff of the whole Solar system were walking beside the beach, which was still covered with small pieces of ruins. "Have they encountered technical issues that their seniors can't solve?" The chairman took out the tobacco pipe, but did not light it up. "Not those tecnical problems they can solve, but those perhaps were just heaven-like issues."

"We can't understand anything gotten from those materials and her mouth, although we do not force her mouth open," said Wendy. "The captain served in their local embassy in Hapsaha and got recruited in our Space Navy after we crippled down the alien ship." "And she got a passport from Russia, saying that it was just due to her being kidnapped and her appearance." "I can say she is very pure about her belief," the chairman continued walking as sea wind blew, with his eyes fixed on the dusk, "The belief that majority of people here have."

"Quite true. I heard those intelligencers shocked about her behavior: asking for **Communist Manifesto** and **The State and Revolution** to read during her detention...only those like George Blake and some those Americans captured by us in the past can be so firm," Wendy continued, "Chairman, why not try meet her?" "Although she is an alien to most people," the chairman lifted up his tobacco pipe again but did not smoke it, "I will, for our common belief."

"The Chairman agrees," the Japanese captain said, "We will be willing to assist any help." "No need, Masami," the lady sitting quietly in the room replied, "Looks like your name can be a deceased person long before, who was with similar bravery." The Japanese said nothing but moved his smiling mouth slightly.

Thirty minutes later, on the fateful day, the man in charge of the global military met one of the captains of the alien ships from Hapsaha.

"To be honest," the captain said first, "I do firmly believe in your ideology, which is communism here. Others and I wish to work in your Space Navy purely because we are believing that you can be trusted to defend those imperialists." The chairman nodded with himself holding the tobacco pipe on his left hand. "But, before continuing further investigation, I have three requests," she continued. The chairman sat up straight, looking into her eyes.

"One, if there is any need for deciphering, I will be willing to help; however, I will not provide any intelligence not targeting my country and you. Next, I do not wish any unnecessary awards beside my normal subsidy in the Space Navy, and please do not hold unnecessary detentions on our mates after the period of Martial Law. Last, treat all of us equal under your law." The chairman carefully listened, holding the tobacco pipe. After hearing the long sentences, he initially frowned very slightly, then laughed out loud.

"Wait...chairman..." When the captain was still in surprise, the chairman continued with an apologetic smile: "Sorry for our circumbendibus at first. We are doing so due to limits as indigenous people." The chairman stretched out his right hand, and he said: "The United Nations welcomes anyone who has dedicated to strive for communism. We are willing to contact you right now."

......

"...It seems that she was a captain, bearing a same rank of mine," Ariel looked at the computer and said, "That is what I found on her remains. And she was not a destroyer squadron commander, just the same like Masami Takahama." "Okay," the officer continued, "What about the last words, according to you?" She tranquilly opened a transcript and said in a calm manner: "She was probably from an empire, one that stretches in the universe." "Wait a second..." The officer felt dumbstruck, "An empire of what?"

"An empire that streches in the universe." The captain continued with a bit of surprise, "You have started wandering within the Solar system, haven't you?" "Yeah, and what?" "You haven't reached the planet before it reached here?" Another officer felt baffled, "No. We took control because it was ransacked by another group of aliens. You should've known that, right?" "Yes. So, you haven't reached out to the universe beside moving within the Oort Cloud by your fighters, right?" "Yes." "The alien once moved much farther than you. She had been many stellar systems like yours."

The two officers were in great surprise. It was like the reactions of Medieval residents when Marco Polo was telling them about how rich China was. Even if I had been present, my limited mind at that time would have been a dry well that was being flooded by water in a reservoir. "Many stellar systems?" Just at the moment, the chairman entered the room. Leaving the significant work to the Chief of Staff, who was the Acting Chairman of the Security Council, the man in fifties joined the work.

"Yes," the captain replied, "Many stellar systems that most of humans consider as lifeless and beyond the reach of yours." "Okay," the chairman showed no surprise in his face. "Can I use your holographic displayer, for showing what is inside the small pad?" "By your wish," the chairman replied courteously, "We are still trying to get Slavic translators to decipher what does the map mean. We think it refers to a map inside a planet, probably for a continent, a country, or so."

"It is correct that the words are similar to the Cyrillic alphabets, chairman," the captain continued, "But I find something more complicated." As she plugged in the pad, a large map that seemed just similar to the maps displayed on textbooks appeared.

......

"Your sister was killed in action while infiltrating the unknown stellar system," said an officer stood beside a young teenager that looked like a college student. The young lady said nothing after hearing the emotionless words, while reading the article on the computer. "Here is the certification of her as a martyr, and the posthumous promotion to lieutenant colonel. We will provide you pension and a press conference..."

"No." The young lieutenant commander replied in a cold tone and stood up. "I want to leave here." Suddenly her tone became very angry, and she quickly walked away from the officer. "You, come back!" The officer said, running quickly to the young lady. "Calm yourself down, please."

"We are clearing those officers and soldiers who are associated with the People's Liberation Party," an admiral bowed and said to the man sitting in the finely cushioned and decorated seat. "Great." The man said emotionlessly, "Pulling from the mess in Allash really helps. Keep on clearing their supplies and people." "Yes, emperor." "What about the conquest over Coruscant?"

"It seems that many countries beside Burgendium and Grenada do not support and even boycott us, but we are spending time hunting for those rebels' main forces in their Space Navy. Eight stellar cities have been taken over by us, Emperor." "Great progress, at least we can still hunt those rebels near Tomonia and in military districts east to our central province."

"But we are encountering serious defenses on the ground," the admiral said, "Their land-based weapons and communications are hard to eliminate." "Be easy, admiral," said the man, "We have plenty of ammunition and men to overwhelm them. Do not be too anxious--blood and flesh cannot resist weapons made of steel." "Should we make forces in the Southern Military District to the main battlefield?" "No need. We must use those battleship forces to shock those separatists in Saint Martin and Saana."

"But the rebels are controlling southern part of that republic..." "No worries. The stellar systems they control are mostly inhabitable. Harsh planets covered by icebergs or shrubs, where our ancestors built the base of our empire. They took hundreds of years to develop, walk out, and found the empire; just surrounding them will pose no harm." "I see, emperor. What about the target of the operation following the two months?" "I wish the Space Navy to seize and capture Hepurit, a stellar system where thirty-four light-years west to it is a stellar pass. My agents found that many supplies from Britanica and Afriko are entering the region through the stellar system."