# Fog of War Unveiled (3)

"Yes, thanks for your translation." Captain Ariel replied to a representing translator from Russia, "We can now proceed into the analysis of it. But before that, I wish you be prepared for the shock from it." "I am," the chairman replied emotionlessly.

......

"He is totally not very surprise at all," as she drank a cup of tea delivered from a waiter, she continued with a bit of disbelief. "For most humans like us," Captain Takahama replied, "It is. For those Hapsaha people, they are less; they did make deep contact with aliens outside. I bet that many humans would have tried to embrace our enemies, if the crisis intended to substantially decrease hadn't happened." "How can the chairman remain so calmly, Masami?" Ariel then asked. "He is acting like Luo Ji in the **Dark Forest**."

"Well, most of you do not know what had happened to him." Takahama said after putting away the fork, "Though he hadn't experienced the large war that lasted for a span of more than twenty years, he grew up in a city that once was a cosmopolitan center located along the Yangtze River. The city was very devastated, with many landmarks demolished by missiles launched from the US then, followed by nukes. Mine was not much better. By the time of my birth, we were still busy rebuilding and launching space stations."

"There were no winners, as speculated before the war. We did not know 'how it will end', like Engels said." "But Japan was not like China, right?" "Yeah. By the time when I just went to China to study the space militarization, it was the Japan now. The United Nations, well, the Security Council, abolished the previous Outer Space Treaty to rectify militarization. I thought about launching warships after reviewing how my country grew strong enough, and while the predecessor of the chairman, I mean, Chinese Defense Minister then, proposed for a unified Space Navy."

"Then people were stunned by that?" "Yeah," Takahama took a sip of tea and continued, "Many representatives in the General Assembly were attacking the prompt. If the Security Council hadn't been in charge, we would have failed for using ships from Hapsaha. Our chairman, then the representative of China there, had to debate for hours. Then, twenty years ago, when the Koreans united, we detected the planet Hapsaha coming for us, and it was very close. Then, the Security Council, only one year to use the authority power, decided to call the Hapsaha people for help. Since it was a special vote that all Five Permanent Member States agreed, it was passed for a hope--hope that they, or aliens like you will help us."

"Us?" Ariel smiled and sliced a piece of baked bread, "We also thought about that when an Empire declared to save us." "An Empire? That Pansus Empire?" "Yeah. Just after the foundation of my country, the three administrations, despite concerns from people, began build industries in the interior of planets, as well as those that were extremely cold." "Like Mars or Mercury here?" "Nah, they were too hostile; besides, before we gained independence, the Empire did build those factories, sarcastically, to supress us." She took a sip of tea.

"Our chairman was in office five years ago," Takahama said, "By the time, the Hapsaha people were going to attack us, right?" "Not really," Ariel smiled again, "They were now threatened by the Empire, and as a civilization that had a fleet that was intended to demolish all on Earth, they threatened the Empire by, while they controlled Hapsaha, trying to repeat how the Moon was formed in the sake of all of you, prepared a single ship that was enough to repeat the 9/11 Attacks in the capital of the Empire. I was kidnapped for half a year before you destructed their last stellar ironclad."

"Yes. By luck. By the time the chairman had been in service, we only managed to develop fusion engine fighters." "To say something rude from my heart," Ariel took another seep of tea, "You are going to use piston propeller planes to fight against your fifth generation fighters in history." "That is a huge gap," Takahama replied emotionlessly, "So, our chairman, since his inauguration, decided to launch projects of constructing the warships, but without such massive main batteries like those built by Hapsaha. During my service as captain in the Space Navy, I learnt that the ships are capable of jumping faster than light, which overthrows what has been established by Einstein."

"Still, it is true unless a hyperspace is detected," said Ariel after drinking up her cup of tea, "I believe we will start an operation on that after this chaos." "Hyperspace?" "There are some wormholes that extend long that it is just takes the time of a normal travel from, say Washington to New York, to move hundreds of light-years. However, it is a technique that is hard to be achieved. Few civilizations in the universe can have spaceships with it. The thrusters, which are called superluminal thrusters, need years to be made; their time of adjusting from idle to full power needs hours."

"But how can the warships find the hyperspace for jumping?" "The radars," Ariel replied, "Those that can sense flow of dark substance in the space can show where the dark substance flows extremely fast in a certain direction. This is the simplest explanation for it. I think you will be lectured for it in months sooner." "We will, but the actual operation won't be done next year since we have no appropriate fuel."

......

"Natalia is dead," said a crew on a small ship cruising near a small stellar system, "The Empire is getting furious about the unraveling events." "She is just very young, very promising," another crew carrying a box of hard copies. "But the real problem is that we have trouble breaking their blockade. They have many warships that can easily form a battle line and demolish our bases and ships."

"Oh, Paul," an officer walking past by greeted with the two crews beside the corner. "Complaining about the Empire again?" "Yeah, I heard that Julia's sister Natalia is killed deliberately while infiltrating an unknown stellar system." "Which Julia? The daughter of the Leonid lords that were executed five years earlier?" "Yep." The crew replied, "Got to go. We have to evaluate the probability of raiding Tomonia with several destroyers."

"Alright, see you later."

"There are increaing purges against the lords and nobilities since the independence of Allash and Coruscant," the crew continued, "Everyone is fearing Alexander for his any further warmongering action. But the critical point is that why the Empire is trying to take down a stellar system that they can just put forces in front of it, like what they did to Salem Taqa, then Allash, now Coruscant." "Possibly they want to encircle the whole republic, but they failed to demolish the warships on a planet approaching it because of hurried evacuation due to Allash independence. They need to pull from that hole to fill another hole."

"Why don't they just bombard Coruscant's capital with superluminal thrusts in hyperspace?" "They tried and failed, even nearly demolishing embassies of Burgendium and Afriko. Time for the meeting is close, got to leave."

......

"Alright, can you contact their headquarters?" "Still having trouble connecting them." "It is hard to hide in here," the man mending a machine complained, "Any error will doom what is left by Ken." "Our former leader? The man always putting 'I don't know what are outside, but what are inside'?" "Yeah, and his action triggered direct involvement of Hapsaha, and then the Empire, which led to his imprisonment."

"But without him, we have no idea how Earth is out of date," the other man looking at the computer said, "In fact, he is..." "He is what?" A man in military uniform walked in. "Sir!" The two crews immediately saluted to the man, who seemed to be in his forties with a sharp sight.

"Yes, I heard you talking about him. He is indeed the man who caused such chaos on Earth. Growing up thirty years after the re-establishment of the United Nations into a global government, he learnt many global wars in university and witnessed many postwar conflicts that faded in the beginning of this century. He was enrolled in as an officer in the Peacekeeping Force by the time. The eyewitness accounts he accumulated made him feel desperately bored of handling them."

"'The war never changes', he told me this slogan and said, 'Even after series of regional conflicts around the continents, as well as world wars, humans have no progress.' By the time he finished his service in the Peacekeeping Force, he began to seek a way out for the Hapsaha planet, then approaching the Solar System without humans' conscience. He did wish to bring in the aliens to make humans walk faster to communism."

"Is he insane, just judged by my own rude mind?" A crew replied, "At least the globe had been unified in ideology after the bloody nuclear and everlasting combats." "But he does know that 'Science and technology are the primary productive forces', that is why he wishes to bring the aliens in Hapsaha in, which is partially correct, never realizing that they are just struggling in a similar global warfare."

"Backed by the empire that is backing us up, right?" "Yeah," replied the man bearing repaulets of a major, "And I heard that he revealed the plan of ours before the trial, despite showing regretion. Luckily we escaped after the Empire could directly interfere and before their launching the recent massive arrests in the planets." "That is luck for us, especially the man with regrets has been put in jail, while we are safe and sound." "Not necessarily," the major replied with an unexpectedly cold voice, "It is not the matter of luck; it is the matter that humanity can never get away from the shadow."

"Still, they were able to secure the vessels with supporting aliens on Hapsaha." "Indeed, fighting needs weapons and people; but they can't charge at machine gun positions with very thick armors. Reason that cavalry fores are abandoned long ago is that tanks can achieve the mobility; reason that armed space stations are barely used is because the ground has the ability to protect the satellite chain, as well as demolishing satellite sweepers with high accuracy." "You are doing this?" "Actually the empire is about to construct ground to space firing platforms that can take down a battleship, even a continent on a planet."

"A continent on a planet?" "Yep, using dark matter and antimatter energy. Although that can't obliterate the whole tectonic layer, doing serious destruction is definitely enough..."

......

"Going to Mars?" said Ariel. "Yep," the officer replied, "Because Earth is not so safe during the reconstruction period, as intelligencers worry. Mars is building backup bases where we can conduct the analyses you propose." "And...why not Hapsaha?" "The planet is lining up with our orbit as you know, while concerns of safety is less critical now. A GS-10 is going to take you and the whole delegation." "Alright."

"And you will resume command one month later, if nothing goes wrong." The officer said before leaving.

......