# Intentional Broken Arrow

The plane, or shuttle, was parking on the apron with mild winds blowing the flags positioning nearby. This twin-engine shuttler with two wings that could rotate, as well as a fixed vertical empennage in the rear of fuselage made of standard interplanetary shuttles as exterior and heat-insulant compacted silicon materials as interior. Piloted by two pilots and a flight engineer this time, not including a navigator and relief pilots in usual flight crew composition, the shuttle designed by Global Spaceship Design Bureau was heading to Mars about one month after the attack on Space Navy Anchorage Ground on Hapsaha.

An American captain, a Chinese first officer, and an Egyptian flight engineer was the flight crew today. Some of the senior officers serving on destroyer Kuznetsov, including Captain Ariel, and those aboard other vessels in the Solar Space Navy. As a charter flight to Mars, the shuttler was carrying with senior officers in the Solar Space Navy.

At local time 9:00 am on Earth, the shuttle took off from the landing panel with no trouble, shooting through layers of clouds into the mesosphere then the thermosphere in just one and half minutes. With no trouble, the shuttle began cruising in the outer space after adjusting its flight path.

Reading the excerpt from **Air Crash Investigation - Space Travel** documentary, you may consider it as a mundane cruising flight. However, under a hostile environment, just considering previous cases of shooting down civil aircrafts in hostile environments on the globe, it was clear that this charter flight, like many others following their proper course and doing nothing different, and carrying the flag of United Nations, may be targeted.

......

"Why the ship again? We can't necessarily aim at the single ship and can be detected by their radars and beacons." "Last captain complained about this and revealed secrets to locals, and she was killed." "So, they are out of ration to put a small ship with limited firing capacity to take down a single plane with out exposure." "We can't hack their systems again," said an officer, "This time they will be well aware about it. However, our main batteries can only fire about 13 nautical miles, even not within their standard astronomical unit."

"The ships, even our capital battleships, can't fire too far." "Yep, the old tactic of discovering first and destroying first, but it is too easy for our ship to be exposed. So, how is the asteroid now?" "Ready to be fired in the No. 2 main battery." "Target position and flight path calculated." "Then fire!"

......

Inside the cabin of the shuttler, officers and crews, as well as flight attendants were chatting, since the automated system could guide the shuttle flying to navigational waypoints, which are designated points with given coordinates based on three dimensions in space. Captain Ariel sat in front seats, only rows from the cockpit. Beside her was Captain Masami Takahama (Kanji: 高滨匡己), the captain of another stellar destroyer L. Henderson, and behind her were two senior officers from a stellar light cruiser, though she did not know them well.

"Can you see the Sun?" asked Ariel, who was sitting in the aisle seat. "Of course," Takahama replied, "If we switched seat, your two-meter tall body will block my sight at the window." "Yeah," she smiled, "Our planet has less gravity, with its acceleration of gravity at four fifths of yours." "So you...Ah I see. You are considered as human, right?" "Yep. There are other peoples who look like humans, but not entirely. They come from two other worlds in my stellar system." "Two different worlds?" "One in a desert planet, the other in a satellite of a giant rock planet. We originated from one like yours."

"You live in a binary stellar system before your service here?" Asked the political commissar of the stellar cruiser Mars sitting in front of her in curiosity. "Yes, although this one has no difference with your Solar system, I mean, the two stars act like your Sun. But this creates a long circumstellar habitable zone that houses five habitable planets, three of which have indigenous intelligent civilizations."

"I heard that it is the capital of a stellar country, right?" An officer sitting beside the political commissar asked. "Yes, it has a large asteroid belt that limits the range of our stellar warships to jump from hyperspace due to the high momentum of any collision, but it can't entirely block them." "And, how long do you think that we can reach Alpha Centauri?" "No idea. We need to wait for a safe route for hyperspace jumping as I just..."

Suddenly, the shuttle was punched by force downward without notice. Inside the cabin, people were screaming after the sudden change. In the cockpit, the pilot said in surprise: "What was that?" "Maybe a meteor, so small that our radar does not check it out." "Wait a second...vertical wing rudder failure?" "Yes, there is, see that on the 'Aircraft Config Monitoring System'." "Let's get the checklist of Foreign Object Damage..." "Captain, we are losing the hydraulics in great quantity!" The flight engineer replied as the warning of hydraulics sounded, about some seconds later.

"Structural failure of rear vertical wing!" The copilot said as the part for rear vertical wing on the monitoring system went red, indicating structural failure. "Impossible! There is no cabin pressurization warning!" "Send out the distress signal right now. Send it right now." "Mayday?" The copilot said. "Yep, mayday. Don't be afraid. If possible, get some fighters to escort us. We are a charter flight of the Space Navy." "Just don't get the rest of the wing disintegrated," the copilot said, "Or else we will enter a spiral dive."

"You are joking!" replied Takahama, "Who the hell can create such turbulence when the Sun is not very active!" "It must be something hard!" The political commissar replied, "Something like a piece of space debris, meteors or asteroids, even weapons, can create such an unusual movement." "Ladies and gentlemen," a computerized voice sounded in the cabin, "Please return to your seats and fasten your seatbelts immediately. The spacecraft is in emergency."

"We don't know how is the aircraft damaged," said Ariel, "But I could feel that we are moving left, maybe in such a tendency. Does your aircraft has independent reverse thrusts that can do without hydraulics?" "No," replied Takahama. "Well, let's see how your pilots could tackle with this situation." "Why do you think it will result in hydraulics failure?" "Just guessing."

"No use for our reversers!" said the pilot. "Maintain a straight flight path and call a spaceship, any that can house this shuttle," the copilot said, "Turn the frequency to 7700 and try to contact the ground!" "Roger," the flight engineer replied.

"Alright, I bet that their ships will come to use their gravity to stop this crippled ship," said an officer, "Open all fire control radars to see the target ship."

......

"Ladies and gentlemen, this your captain speaking. An unidentified foreign object had struck our vertical wing, and the Space Navy destroyer Snowy Wind is going to slow down the ship and rescue all of us. Please remain calm." "Luckily there is no air outside," said the political commissar, "Or else we will ride a roller coaster and experience a crash-landing." Some others laughed, and Takahama replied: "Even so, experienced pilots like them can still save a majority of us."

"Pilot, this is cruiser Beijing, how do you hear?" A radio sounded in the cockpit, "Can you catch our signal, and can the TCAS system sound?" Hearing the radio, the copilot replied, "Of course, TCAS can't sound right now, but this connection has established." "Alright. Do not use any throttles after stabilizing your flight path, we will be flying at four-zero meters above, minimum range of your TCAS detection." "Roger. Distance now?" "The primary radar reads seven-zero miles, with no coordinates given," the officer on the other side replied.

The damaged shuttle was still moving silently, as only noises of air conditioners were echoing in the cabin. "It must be the cruisers to take us," said Ariel, "Our shuttle is thrice as large as the recon spacecraft on our stellar cruisers, while the gunship on the cruisers is just a bit shorter in length. A bit risky to take this shuttle with wings jammed, but the recovery device should be able to take it into the hangar."

"Traffic. Traffic." "Cruiser Beijing, *continent* reporting TCAS activation, how is your radar response?" The pilot reported. "We have intercepted your transponder signal and are approaching. Report when TCAS sounds 'increse descent'. Once we see you on the secondary radar, we are about to take you in."

"Increase descent, increase descent." Two minutes later, the warning sounded. "Cruiser Beijing, TCAS indicates increasing descent rate." "Roger. Wait for us taking you in. The secondary radar is receiving your coordinate information and speed information."

"Whoa, we are being pulled upward and slowing down," an officer said. "It must be our ship," another officer replied, "Just don't panic, we will be safe eventually." The shuttle was pulled to the large stellar cruiser by the latter's gravitational force, as the gigantic ship was moving at an extraordinarily slow speed to recover it.

......

"The gigantic ship should have appeared, captain. Should we send out any plane for a look?" "Yes. Send out half of the scout bomber squadron to look." "What if they open fire at us?" "Try evade them and don't open fire! This is the order from above; so, shut down all transponders and keep position on your radars."

......

"We are in," said Ariel as she looked at the walls of the hangar, as well as hurrying maintenance personnel and fighters or bombers inside. "Finally safe."

The shuttle was lifted by heavy equipment as it was attracted inside by gravity of the stellar cruiser, entering by side exit. As the shuttle approached, crews and passengers inside could see the gigantic stellar cruiser.

"Three sets of triple main batteries," the political commissar said to Ariel, "Tell me about what do you think." "Yep," Takahama replied, "You are an observer from us actually." "It is indeed suitable for a flagship of destroyer squadron, but as you know in what we had talked about thirty minutes ago, only three half hull destroyer squadrons can't resist many hits from battleships, those much larger and harder to cripple by bombers."

"They have recon planes, right?" "Yep. They are more efficient than our gunship as they could move faster and farther, and they equiped with radars that could detect enemy ships without much visual confirmation. Our only way is to evade their bombing and...perhaps using ground facilities to stop them, and...by other means to score victory."